aal ale
abbild image
abbildung illustration
abend evening
abende evenings
abendessen supper
abenteuer adventure
aberglaube superstition
abfaelle clippings
abfahrt departure
abfall declension
abfindungen gratuities
abflussrohr spout
abfrage inquiry
abgabe tribute
abgaben tributes
abgeschiedenheit seclusion
abgott idol
abgruende abysses
abgrund abyss
abhaenge declivities
abhaengige dependants
abhaengiger dependant
abhandlung treatise
abhandlungen treatises
abhang declivity
abkommen agreement
abkuerzung abbreviation
abkuerzungen abbreviations
ablage deposit
ablagen depositions
ablagerung deposit
ablagerungen sediments
ablaufverfolgung backtrace
ablehnung refusals
ablehnungshinweis disclaimer
ableitung deduction
ableitungen derivations
abneigung antipathy
abneigungen antipathies
abnutzung fading
abreise departure
absatz heel
abscheu abhorrence
abschied valediction
abschnitt chapter
abschrift transcript
abschriften transcriptions
absender sender
absetzung degradation
absetzungen degradations
absicht intention
absichten intentions
absonderung isolation
abspeicherungen savings
abstaende distances
abstammung ancestory
abstammungen lineages
abstand displacement
abstandsstueck spacer
abstieg descend
abstiege descents
abstimmung ballot
abstinenzler teetotaler
abstuerze crashes
abstufung gradation
abstufungen gradations
abteil compartment
abteilung compartment
abteilungen compartments
abtretung cession
abtretungen cessions
abtrieb output
abtruennige renegades
abtruenniger renegade
abwaesser sewages
abwasser sewage
abweichung aberration
abweichungen deviations
abwertung devaluation
abwertungen devaluations
abwesenheit absence
abwesenheiten absences
abwicklung liquidation
abzeichen badge
abzuege deductions
abzug discount
achse axis
achsen axes
ackerbau tillage
adapter adapter
addition addition
adel nobility
adler eagle
adlige noblemen
adliger nobleman
adresse address
adressen addresses
adressierbarkeit addressability
aehnlichkeit likeness
aehnlichkeiten resemblances
aenderung modification
aenderungen alterations
aengste anxieties
aepfel apples
aequator equator
aerger chagrin
aermel sleeve
aerzte physicians
aeste boughs
aeusserung utterance
aeusserungen utterances
affe ape
affen apes
agent agent
agentur agency
agenturen agencies
ahorn maple
akkord chord
akkorde chords
aktentasche briefcase
aktion action
aktionaer shareholder
aktionaere shareholders
aktionen actions
aktivierung activation
aktivitaet activity
aktivitaeten activities
aktualisierung updating
aktualitaet actuality
akustik acoustic
akzent accent
alarm alarm
algorithmen algorithms
algorithmus algorithm
alkohol booze
allgemeinheit universality
allgemeinheiten universalities
allmacht omnipotence
alltag workaday
alphabet alphabet
alptraeume nightmares
alptraum nightmare
alter age
alternativen alternatives
amateur amateur
amateure amateurs
ameise ant
ameisen ants
amerika america
amethyst amethyst
amortisation amortization
amplitude amplitude
amsel blackbird
amseln blackbirds
analysator analyzer
ananas pineapple
andenken memento
andeutung inkling
andeutungen inklings
andrang boom
aneignung annexation
aneignungen annexations
anerkennungen recognitions
anfaenge commencements
anfaenger beginner
anfang init
anforderung requirement
anforderungen requirements
anfrage enquiry
anfuehrungen quotations
anfuehrungsstrich parenthesis
anfuehrungsstriche parentheses
angebot offer
angebote offerings
angelegenheit affair
angemessenheit adequacy
angestellter employee
angestelter employee
angreifer aggressor
angriff aggression
angriffe aggressions
angst anxiety
anhaenge appendices
anhaenger pendant
anhaeufung accumulation
anhaftung adherence
anhang appendage
anker anchor
anklage accusation
anklagen indictments
ankuendigung advertisement
ankuendigungen advertisements
ankunft arrival
anlage plant
anlegeplaetze wharves
anleitung navigating
anleitungen instructions
anmeldung announcement
anmerkung memo
anmut comeliness
annahme acceptance
annahmen assumptions
annehmlichkeit amenity
annehmlichkeiten goodies
anordnung adjustment
anordnungen dispositions
anpassung accomodation
anpassungen accomodations
anregung animation
anregungen incitements
anrichten sideboards
anruf call
anrufer caller
ansaetze rudiments
ansammlung package
ansatz rudiment
anschein semblance
anscheine semblances
anschlagtafel billboard
anschlagtafeln billboards
anschluss alignment
anschrift address
ansehen credit
anspielung allusion
anspielungen allusions
anspruch claim
anspruchsteller claimant
ansprueche claims
anstand decency
ansteckung contagion
ansteckungen contagions
anstifter abettor
anstoesse impulses
anstoss impuls
anstrengung effort
anstrengungen efforts
anstuerme onrushes
ansturm onrush
anteil quota
antenne antenna
antennen antennas
antipoden antipodes
antrieb impellent
antriebe incentives
antwort answer
anwaelte lawyers
anwaerter aspirant
anwalt advocate
anweisung directive
anwender operator
anzahlung commission
anzeige display
anzeigen indexes
anzug suit
apfel apple
apfelmus applesauce
apfelsaft cider
apostroph apostrophe
apotheke pharmacy
apotheken pharmacies
appetit appetite
appetitanreger appetizer
aprikosen apricots
april april
arbeit chore
arbeiten workings
arbeiter jobber
arbeitskraefte manpower
arbeitslosigkeit inoccupation
arbeitsraum workspace
arbeitsunterbrechung layoff
arbeitsunterbrechungen layoffs
arbeitszimmer study
architektur architecture
arglist guile
argument argument
argumente arguments
arm arm
armbaender bracelets
armband bracelet
arme arms
armut poorness
art fashion
arten kinds
artikel article
artischocken artichokes
arzt doctor
as ace
asche ash
aschenbecher ash-tray
aschenputtel cinderella
aspekt aspect
ast bough
atem breath
atlanten atlases
atlas atlas
atom atom
attraktion attraction
attribut attribute
attribute attributes
aufbruch decampment
aufenthalt sojourn
aufenthalte sojourns
aufgabe abandonment
aufgaben jobs
aufgebot banns
aufhaenger hanger
aufhaengung suspension
aufhebung rescission
aufhebungen rescissions
aufkleber stickers
auflister lister
aufloesung resolution
aufloesungen dissolutions
aufmerksamkeit attention
aufnahme absorbtion
aufnahmefaehigkeit capacitance
aufnahmen receptions
aufnehmen grabbing
aufregung commotion
aufregungen commotions
aufrichtigkeit candor
aufrichtigkeiten sincerities
aufruestung rearmament
aufruf calling
aufrufe invocations
aufruhr sedition
aufschlaege lapels
aufschlag lapel
aufschrei outcry
aufschreie outcries
aufschub adjurnment
aufschuebe adjurnments
aufschwuenge booms
aufseher checker
aufsicht checkers
aufstaende insurrections
aufstand insurrection
aufsteigen ascension
aufstellungsort site
aufstieg ascent
aufstiege ascents
auftraege commissions
auftrag order
auftrieb boost
aufwand effort
aufzeichnung chronicle
aufzeichnungen records
aufzuege elevators
aufzug elevator
augapfel eyeball
auge eye
augen eyes
augenaerzte oculists
augenarzt oculist
augenblick jiffy
augenblicke jiffies
augenbraue eyebrow
augenbrauen eyebrows
augenlid eyelid
augenlider eyelids
august august
ausarbeitung elaboration
ausarbeitungen elaborations
ausbesserung repair
ausbildung schooling
ausblick outlook
ausblicke outlooks
ausbruch eruption
ausbrueche eruptions
ausdauer endurance
ausdehnung expanse
ausdehnungen expanses
ausdruck expression
ausdrucksweise idiom
ausdrucksweisen parlances
ausdruecke expressions
ausfall blackout
ausfluege excursions
ausfluegler tripper
ausfluesse effluences
ausflug jaunt
ausfluss effluence
ausfuehrung achievement
ausfuehrungen achievements
ausfuhr export
ausgabe issuance
ausgaben dumps
ausgabename outputname
ausgaenge egresses
ausgang egress
ausgebend displaying
ausgestossene outcasts
ausgleich compensation
auskunft information
auslaeufer offshoot
auslass outlet
auslassungen interleaves
auslegung interpretation
auslieferung delivery
ausloeser trigger
ausnahme exception
ausnahmen exceptions
auspuff exhaust
auspufftopf silencer
ausreisser bolter
ausruestung equipment
ausruestungen kits
ausruf exclamation
ausrufe interjections
ausschluesse exclusions
ausschluss exclusion
ausschuss committee
aussehen lookout
aussen outer
aussenbezirke outskirts
aussenseiter outsider
aussetzer dropout
aussetzung exposure
aussparung recess
aussperrung lockout
aussperrungen lockouts
aussprache pronunciation
aussprachen pronunciations
ausstattung configuration
ausstattungen endowments
ausstellung exhibition
ausstellungen exhibitions
ausstoss ejection
ausstrahlung radiation
ausstrahlungen radiations
austausch interchange
auster oyster
austern oysters
austrag discharge
ausuebung exertion
auswahl choice
auswahlen choices
auswanderer emigrant
auswanderung emigration
auswechselungen exchanges
auswertung evaluation
auszubildende trainees
auszubildender trainee
auszuege epitomes
auszug epitome
auto car
autogramm autograph
autogramme autographs
automatik automatic
automatikwahl autodial
automation automation
autor author
autoren authors
autoritaet authority
baby baby
bach brook
bachstelze wagtail
bachstelzen wagtails
backe cheek
backen cheeks
backenbart whiskers
backenzaaehne molars
backenzahn molar
backfett shortening
backslash backslash
backspace backspace
backups backups
bad bath
bademantel bathrobe
badewanne bathtub
badezimmer bathroom
baeche rivulets
baecker baker
baeckerei bakery
baeckereien bakeries
baender ribbons
baer bear
baerte beards
baeuche bellies
baeuchlein tummies
baeume trees
bahn tram
bahnen trams
bahnhof station
bahnsteig platform
bahre bier
bahren biers
bakterie bacterium
bakterien bacteriums
baldrian valerian
balken beam
balkon balcony
balkone balconies
ball ball
ballast ballast
ballen bales
ballon balloon
ballsaal ballroom
balsam balm
bambus bamboo
banane banana
bananen bananas
band ribbon
bande gang
banden gangs
bandwuermer tapeworms
bandwurm tapeworm
bank bank
bankier banker
bankiers bankers
banner banner
bargeld hardcash
barren ingot
barriere barrage
bart beard
basis base
batch batch
batterie battery
bauch ventral
bauchredner ventriloquist
baudrate baudrate
bauer boor
bauern peasants
bauernhof farm
baugeruest scaffolding
baugruppe assembly
baum tree
baumwolle cotton
bausatz kit
bausch wad
bauteil component
bauweise construction
beachtung heed
beamte officials
beanspruchung stress
becher beaker
becken basin
bedachung roofing
bedachungen roofings
bedarf demand
bedauern regret
bedeutung meaning
bedeutungen meanings
bediener operators
bedienung handling
bedienungselement control
bedienungsfeld console
bedingung condition
bedingungen conditions
beeintraechtigungen derogations
beendigung determining
beep beep
beepen beeping
beerdigung burial
beerdigungen interments
beere berry
beeren berries
befaehigung qualification
befaehigungen qualifications
befehl comand
befehle comands
befehlsempfaenger heeler
befestigung attachment
befestigungen attachments
befoerderung preferment
befoerderungen preferments
befragen consult
befreier deliverer
befreiung deliverance
befreiungen liberations
befriedigung satisfaction
befuerchtung misgiving
befuerchtungen misgivings
begabungen talents
begegnung encounter
begeisterung rapture
begeisterungen raptures
begierde cupidity
begierden lusts
beginn beginning
begleiter tutor
begleitung attendance
begraebnis funeral
begraebnisse burials
begrenzer delimiter
begrenzungen limitations
begriff item
begriffe items
behaelter container
behandler handlers
behandlung therapy
behandlungen therapies
beharrlichkeit insistence
behauptung allegation
behauptungen allegations
beherrschung governing
behinderung handicap
behinderungen handicaps
behoerde authorities
beifall acclamation
beifuegung addendum
beifuegungen additions
beil hatchet
beilage enclosure
beile hatchets
beileid condolence
bein leg
beine legs
beispiel example
beispiele examples
beistand assistance
beitraege contributions
beitrag contribution
bekanntmachung proclamation
bekanntmachungen proclamations
bekanntschaft acquaintance
bekanntschaften acquaintances
bekenntnis confession
bekenntnisse avowals
bekraeftigung affirmation
bekraeftigungen affirmations
belaestigung inconvenience
belag facing
belastung encumbrance
beleg voucher
belege vouchers
belegung occupancy
beleidigung indignity
beleidigungen indignities
beleuchtung illumination
beleuchtungen lightings
beliebtheiten vogues
belohnung reward
belohnungen rewards
belustigung merriment
belustigungen merriments
bemerkung remark
bemuehung endevour
benchmark-Tests benchmarks
benehmen behaviour
benennung naming
bengel urchin
benzin benzine
beobachtung observation
beobachtungen observations
beratung consultation
beratungen consultations
berechnung calculation
berechnungen calculations
beredsamkeit eloquence
bereich range
bereitschaft readiness
berg mount
berge mountains
bergleute colliers
bergmann collier
bergwerk colliery
bericht bulletin
berichterstatter reporter
berichterstattung coverage
berieselungsanlage sprinkler
berieselungsanlagen sprinklers
beruehmtheit celebrity
beruehmtheiten celebrities
beruehrung touch
berufung vocation
berufungen vocations
beruhigung pacification
beruhigungsmittel sedatives
besatzung garrison
besatzungen garrisons
beschaedigung injury
beschaeftigte employees
beschaeftigung employ
beschaeftigungen employments
beschaffenheit habit
beschauer viewers
bescheidenheit humility
bescheidenheiten modesties
bescheinigung certification
bescheinigungen certifications
beschimpfungen wiggings
beschleuniger accelerator
beschleunigung acceleration
beschraenktheit narrowness
beschraenktheiten narrownesses
beschreibung description
beschreibungen descriptions
beschriftung lettering
beschriftungen letterings
beschuetzer guardian
beschuldigung imputation
beschuldigungen imputations
beschwerde complaint
beschwerden grievances
beseitigung elimination
besen besom
besenstiel broomstick
besenstiele broomsticks
besessenheit obsession
besessenheiten obsessions
besetzer occupant
besetzung allocation
besetzungen occupations
besichtigung sightseeing
besichtigungen sightseeings
besitz possession
besitze tenures
besitzer owners
besonderheit particularity
besorgnis solicitude
bestaendigkeit constancy
bestaetigung confirmation
bestandteil ingredient
bestandteile ingredients
bestatter mortician
bestattungsinstitut undertaker
bestattungsinstitute undertakers
bestechung bribery
bestechungen corruptions
bestellungen tillages
besteuerung taxation
besteuerungen taxations
bestie beast
bestimmung appointment
bestimmungen appointments
bestuerzung consternation
bestuerzungen consternations
besuch visit
besuche visitations
besucher visitor
betaeubungsmittel narcotics
beton concrete
betrachter viewer
betrachtung inspection
betrachtungen considerations
betraege amounts
betrag amount
betreiber carrier
betrieb deadausser
betriebs operating
betriebssicherheit reliability
betrueger blackleg
betruegerei trickery
betruegereien frauds
betrug deceit
bett bed
bettdecke blanket
betten beds
bettler beggar
bettstelle bedstead
bettstellen bedsteads
beute booty
bevoelkerung population
bevollmaechtigter attorney
bewachung custody
bewachungen custodies
beweggrund motivation
beweglichkeit flexibilty
bewegung motion
bewegungen locomotions
bewerber candidate
bewertung valuation
bewohner inhabitant
bewunderung admiration
bezahlung contributation
bezauberung enchantment
bezeichnung notation
bezeichnungen notations
beziehung relation
beziehungen relations
bezirk borough
bezirke cantons
bezug reference
bibel bible
biber beaver
bibliographie bibliography
bibliothek library
bibliothekar librarian
bibliothekare librarians
biegsamkeit pliancy
biegung inflexion
biegungen bends
biene bee
bienen bees
bienenkoerbe beehives
bienenstock beehive
bier beer
biere beers
bild picture
bilder images
bildhauer sculptor
bildschirm screen
bildschirm- onscreen
bildschirme screens
bildung formations
billigung approval
billigungen approvals
billion billion
binaer binary
binde ligature
binden bandages
bindestiche hyphens
bindestrich hyphen
bindestriche dashes
bindfaden packthread
bindfaeden packthreads
binnenland midland
binsenwahrheit truism
binsenwahrheiten truisms
birke birch
birken birches
birne pear
birnen pears
bisam musquash
bisamratten musquashes
bischof bishop
biss bite
bissen morsel
bitmodus bitmode
bitte please
bitten petitions
bittsteller applicant
blaeschen bleb
blaesse paleness
blaetter blades
blase bladder
blasen bladders
blatt leaf
blaumeise nun
blaumeisen nuns
blei lead
bleistift pencil
blick look
blickwinkel perspective
blindschleiche blindworm
blindschleichen blindworms
blitz flash
block block
blockade blockade
blockierung deadlock
bloecke blocks
bluete bloom
blueten blooms
blume flower
blumen flowers
blumenhaendler florist
blumenkohl cauliflower
blumenstraeusse nosegays
blumenstrauss bouquet
bluse blouse
blusen blouses
blut blood
blutbad massacre
blutbaeder massacres
bluterguss bruise
blutschande incest
blutvergiessen bloodshed
blutvergiftung sepsis
bock buck
boden floor
boeden bottoms
boee blast
boeen blasts
boegen bows
boersenmakler stockbrokers
boeswilligkeit malevolence
boeswilligkeiten malevolences
bogen arch
bohne bean
bohnen beans
bohrer auger
boje buoy
bolzen bolts
bombe bomb
bomben bombs
bonbon goody
bonbons sweetmeats
boot boat
bootfahrt boating
bordell brothel
bordelle brothels
bosheit malice
bosheiten malices
bote messenger
boten messengers
botschaft embassy
botschaften embassies
boutique millinery
boutiquen millineries
box box
boxen boxes
braeuche observances
braeutigam bridegroom
braeutigamme bridegrooms
brandstifter firebug
brandung surf
braten roast
bratensosse gravy
bratfett dripping
bratsche viola
brauch rite
braue brow
brauen brows
braut bride
braut- bridal
brechung refraction
brei pap
breie mushes
breite breadth
breiten latitudes
bremse brake
brenner burner
brennholz firewood
brennstoff fuel
brett plank
bretter planks
brief letter
briefkaesten mailboxes
briefkasten letter-box
briefkoepfe letterheads
briefkopf letterhead
briefmarke stamp
brieftasche billfold
brieftaschen billfolds
brieftraeger mailman
briefumschlag envelope
brille glasses
brisen breezes
brocken boulder
broetchen bun
brokat brocade
brombeerstrauch bramble
brosche brooch
broschuere booklet
brot bread
brote loaves
bruch fracture
bruchstueck fragment
bruchstuecke fragments
bruchteile fractions
bruder brother
brueche breaches
bruecke bridge
bruecken bridges
brueder brothers
bruederschaft brotherhood
brueste breasts
brummbaer growler
brunnen fountain
brunnenkresse watercress
brust breast
brustwarze nipple
brustwarzen nipples
brut spawn
brutalitaet brutality
buch book
buche beech
buchen beaches
buchname bookname
buchse female
buchseite page
buchstabe letter
buchstaben letters
bucht bay
buchtitel booknames
buchung posting
buckliger hunchback
bude booth
buden boothes
buecher books
buecherregal bookcase
buechse box
buechsen cans
buechsen- canned
buecklinge kippers
bueffel buffalo
buehne stage
buendel bale
buendnis alliance
buendnisse confederacies
buerge guarantor
buerger citizen
buergermeister mayor
buergerschaft township
buergersteig pavement
buergersteige sidewalks
buergerwehr militia
buero bureau
bueroklammer paperclip
bueroklammern paperclips
bueros bureaus
buerste brush
buesche bushes
bueschel tuft
bueste bust
buestenhalter brassiere
bulldogge bulldog
bulldoggen bulldogs
bummelstreik go-slow
bummler loafer
bund collar
bunde trusses
bunker bunker
bursche chap
bus bus
busch bush
busen bosom
busleitung highway
bussard buzzard
bussarde buzzards
busse penance
bussen penances
butter butter
butterbrot sandwich
butterbrote sandwiches
byte byte
bytes bytes
cAPS caps
cLS cls
cTRL ctrl
camera camera
cassette cassette
champignon mushroom
champignons mushrooms
chancen odds
checksumme checksum
checksummen checksums
chef boss
chemie chemistry
china china
chinin quinine
chip chip
chips chips
chirurg surgeon
chirurgen surgeons
chirurgie surgery
choere choirs
chor choir
chrom chromium
chroniken chronicles
clone clone
clones clones
club club
cluster cluster
code code
codes codes
codewoerter codewords
codierung encoding
compiler compiler
compilierung compilation
computer computer
copyright copyright
coupon coupon
coups coups
crash crash
cursor cursor
dEFINITIONEN definitions
dOS dos
dach housetop
dachdecker tiler
dachkammer garret
dachs badger
dachsparren rafter
dachstube garret
dachwohnung penthouse
dachwohnungen penthouses
dachzimmer garrets
daecher roofs
daemme embankments
daemmerung dawn
daemmerungen twilights
daempfe vapors
daempfer damper
daerme guts
dame dame
damen dames
damm embankment
dampf steam
dampfer damper
dank thank
dankbarkeit gratitude
danke thanx
danksagung thanksgiving
danksagungen thanksgivings
darbietungen presentations
darlehensgeber lender
darm bowel
darstellungen maps
datei database
dateien databases
dateikopf header
daten data
datenfile datafile
datum date
dauer duration
dauer- continuous
daumen thumbs
debugger debugger
dechiffrierung deciphering
decke blanket
deckel lid
decken blankets
decoder decoder
decodierer decrypter
definition definition
dehngefaess bellows
deich dike
deiche dikes
dekodierung decoding
dekorateur upholsterer
dekorateure upholsterers
delirien ravings
demo demo
demonstration demonstration
demonstrationen demonstrations
demos demos
demut humbleness
denkmaeler memorials
denkmal memorial
denkschrift memoir
denkschriften memoirs
denunziant informer
denunzianten informers
designer designer
detail detail
detektiv detective
deutschland germany
dezember december
diaet diet
diagnose diagnose
diagonale diagonals
diagramm diagram
dialekte idioms
dialog dialog
dichte densities
dichter poet
dichterin poetess
dichterinnen poetesses
dichtkuenste poetries
dichtkunst poetry
dichtungen fictions
dichtungsmittel sealant
dicke fatness
dickicht thicket
dickichte thickets
dieb burglar
diebe thieves
diebstaehle thefts
diener slave
dienst service
dienstag tuesday
dienste services
dienstprogramm utility
diese these
dieses this
dietrich picklock
diffusor diffusor
diktat dictation
dimension dimension
dimensionen dimensions
ding thing
dinge doings
dip dip
dipol dipole
directories directories
directory directory
direktiven directives
direktor headmaster
direktoren headmasters
dirnen prostitutes
diskette discette
disketten diskettes
diskrepanzen discrepancies
diskussion discussion
diskussionen discussions
distel thistle
disteln thistles
division division
docht wick
dochte wicks
doerfer cottages
dogge mastiff
doggen mastiffs
dohle daw
dohlen daws
doktoren doctors
dokument document
dokumentation documentation
dokumente documents
dolch dagger
dolche daggers
dolde umbel
dolden umbels
dollar dollar
dollars dollars
dom cathedral
domain domain
dome cathedrals
donner thunder
donnerschlaege thunderclaps
donnerschlag thunderclap
donnerstag thursday
donnerstage thursdays
doppelanschlag doublestrike
doppelpunkt colon
doppelzentner quintal
dorf cottage
dorfbewohner villager
dorn thorn
dornen thorns
dort there
dose tin
dosen tins
dosierungen dosages
dots dots
dotter yolk
drachen dragon
draehte wires
draht wire
draufgaenger dare-devil
drechsler turner
drehbuch scenario
drehbuecher scenarios
drehkreuz turnstile
drehkreuze turnstiles
drehmoment torque
drehmoment- torsional
drehpunkt fulcrum
drehzahl speed
drehzahlerhoehung speed-up
drehzahlmesser tachometer
drehzahlverminderung slow-down
dreiecke triangles
dreifuss tripod
dreirad tricycle
dreiraeder tricycles
dreizack trident
drescher thresher
droge drug
drogen drugs
drohung threat
drohungen threats
drossel throstle
drosseln bluebirds
druck pressure
druckausgaben printouts
drucke printings
drucker lineprinter
druckfehler errata
druckkopf printhead
druckregler pressurestat
druckschrift blockletters
drueckeberger quitter
druecken hitting
druese gland
druesen glands
dschungel jungle
dschunken junks
dudelsack bagpipe
dudelsaecke bagpipes
duebel dowel
duene dune
duenen dunes
duenger manure
duerre drought
duese nozzle
duesen nozzles
duft perfume
dummheit dullness
dummheiten fooleries
dummkopf dunce
dunkelheit darkness
dunkelheiten obscurities
dunst haze
durchblick vista
durchblicke vistas
durchbruch breakthrough
durcheinander jumble
durchfuehrbarkeit feasibility
durchgaenge gangways
durchgang thoroughfar
durchlauf pass
durchsatz performance
durchschnitt average
durchschnitte averages
durchsetzung enforcement
durchsicht perusal
durchsichten perusals
durchweg throughout
durst thirst
dusche shower
dutzend dozen
eRRORLEVEL errorlevel
eSC esc
ebene layer
ebenheit evenness
eber boar
echo echo
ecke corner
ecken corners
edelstein jewel
efeu ivy
effekte effects
ehe matrimony
ehebrecher adulterer
ehebrecherin adulteress
ehemann husband
ehen matrimonies
ehestifter matchmaker
ehre honesty
ehren honors
ehrerbietung obeisance
ehrerbietungen obeisances
ehrgeiz ambition
ei egg
eiche oak
eichel acorn
eicheln acorns
eichen oaks
eichhoernchen squirrel
eid oath
eide oaths
eidechse lizard
eidechsen lizards
eidotter yolk
eier eggs
eifer alacrity
eifersucht jealousy
eigenheit peculiarity
eigenheiten peculiarities
eigentum ownership
eimer bucket
einbahnstrasse oneway
einbildung conceit
einbildungen conceits
einblick insight
einbrecher burglar
einbruch irruption
einbrueche irruptions
eindringen penetration
eindringling interloper
eindringlinge interlopers
eindruck impression
eindruecke impressions
einehe monogamy
einehen monogamies
einfachheit simplicity
einfaelle incursions
einfahrt gateway
einfall incursion
einfallspinsel simpleton
einfluesse influences
einfluss influence
einfuegung insertion
einfuegungen insertions
einfuehrung inaugural
einfuehrungen inaugurals
einfuellstutzen filler
einfuhren importations
eingabe feed
eingabename inputname
eingang entrance
eingebend entering
eingebung inspiration
eingebungen inspirations
eingeweide bowels
eingeweihte hepcats
eingeweihter hepcat
eingriff encroachment
eingriffe encroachments
einheit unity
einheiten chunks
einhoerner unicorns
einhorn unicorn
einigkeiten unities
einkauf purchase
einkeitung introductory
einklang unison
einkommen income
einladung invitation
einladungen invitations
einlass inlet
einleitung introduction
einleitungen introductions
einmischungen interferences
einmuetigkeit unanimity
einmuetigkeiten unanimities
einordnung classification
einrichtung arrangement
einrichtungen constitutions
einsamkeit loneliness
einsatz encouragement
einschluesse enclosures
einschluss embedding
einschnitt gash
einschnitte incisions
einschraenkung limitation
einschraenkungen restrictions
einsicht discernment
einsichten discernments
einspritzventil injector
einspruch plea
einsprueche pleas
einstellung attitude
einstellungen settings
einstieg entrance
einstufung grading
einteilung graduation
eintoenigkeit monotony
eintoenigkeiten monotonies
eintopf mulligan
eintraege entries
eintrag inscription
eintragung entry
eintragungen inscriptions
eintritt admittance
einvernehmen understandings
einwaende objections
einwand objection
einwanderer immigrant
einwanderung immigration
einwanderungen immigrations
einweisung briefing
einwendung demur
einwendungen demurs
einwilligung adhesion
einwirkung impact
einwohner inhabitant
einzelhaendler retailer
einzelheit detail
einzelheiten details
einzigartigkeit singularity
einzigartigkeiten singularities
eis ice
eisberg iceberg
eisberge icebergs
eisen iron
eisenbahn railroad
eisenbahnen railways
eisenhaendler ironmonger
eisscholle floe
eisschollen floes
eisschrank refrigerator
eiszapfen icicle
elan verve
elastizitaet resilience
elastizitaeten resiliences
elch elk
elche elks
eleganz elegance
elektriker electrician
elektrizitaet electricity
elektronen electrons
elektronenroehre valve
element element
elemente elements
elendsviertel slums
elensviertel slum
elfenbein ivory
elite elite
ellenbogen elbow
ellipse ellipse
ellipsen ellipses
elster magpie
elstern magpies
eltern parents
elternteil parent
emaille enamel
empfaenger receiver
empfang receiving
empfehlung recommendation
empfinddlichkeit sensivity
empfindlichkeit sensibility
empfindlichkeiten sensivities
empfindung sentiment
empfindungen sentiments
empoerung indignations
emporkoemmling upstart
emporkoemmlinge upstarts
end- terminal
ende end
endlosigkeit infinity
endungen endings
energie energy
energieen energies
energien vigors
engel angel
englisch english
enkel grandchild
entdeckung detection
entdeckungen detections
ente duck
enten canards
enterich drake
entfernung distance
entfernungen remotenesses
entfuehrer kidnapper
entfuehrung kidnapping
entgelt hire
entgelte hires
enthusiasten enthusiasts
entlassung dismissal
entlassungen dismissals
entleiher borrower
entmutigung discouragement
entruestung indignation
entsagungen renunciations
entschaedigungen reparations
entscheidung arbitration
entscheidungen arbitrations
entschluesse resolutions
entschuldigung apology
entschuldigungen apologies
entspannung relaxation
enttaeuschung disappointment
entwickler developer
entwicklung developement
entwicklungen developments
entwurf design
entzuecken delight
entzuendung ignition
entzuendungen inflammations
epilog epilog
eraubnis allowance
erbe heir
erbin heiress
erblichkeit heredity
erbschaft heritage
erbschaften heritages
erbse pea
erbsen peas
erbstueck heirloom
erbteile inheritances
erdbeere strawberry
erdbeeren strawberries
erdnuesse peanuts
erdnuss peanut
erdrutsch landslide
erdrutsche landslides
ereignis event
ereignisse events
erfahrung experience
erfassung gathering
erfinder contrivancer
erfindung contrivance
erfindungen concoctions
erfolg prosperity
erfordernis requisite
erforscher explorer
erforschung exploration
erforschungen explorations
erfrischung refection
erfrischungen refections
erfuellung compliance
erfuellungen fulfillments
ergaenzung complement
ergaenzungen complements
ergebnis outcome
ergreifung seizure
ergreifungen seizures
erguesse effusions
erguss effusion
erhaltung preservation
erhebung levy
erhebungen levies
erhitzer boiler
erhoehung elevation
erinnerung memorization
erinnerungen reminders
erinnerungsluecken blackouts
erkenntnis cognition
erkenntnisse cognitions
erkennung recognition
erklaerung declaration
erklaerungen declarations
erkundung reconnaissance
erlaeuterung elucidation
erlaeuterungen elucidations
erlass writ
erlasse writs
erlaubnis admission
erlaubnisschein permit
erlaubnisse permissions
erleichterung relief
erleichterungen reliefs
erloes receipts
ermaechtigung authorization
ermuedung fatigue
ermutigungen encouragements
ernaehrung nutrition
ernennung nomination
ernennungen nominations
erneuerung renewal
erneuerungen renewals
ernst seriousness
ernte harvest
ernuechterung disillusion
ernuechterungen disillusions
eroberer conqueror
eroberung conquest
eroberungen captures
erosion erosion
erotik erotism
erpresser racketeer
erpressung blackmail
erpressungen blackmails
errichtung erection
errors errors
errungenschaften acquisitions
ersatz reparation
erscheinen occurence
erscheinung occurance
erscheinungen appearances
erschoepfung exhaustion
erschuetterung concussion
erschuetterungen concussions
ersparnis savings
ersparnisse savings
erstanwender newusers
erstarrung torpidity
erstaunen astonishment
erstellung building
ertrag yield
erwaehnung mention
erwaehnungen mentions
erwartung expectation
erwartungen expectations
erweiterer enhancer
erweitert enhanced
erweiterung extention
erweiterungen enhancements
erwerb acquisition
erwerber purchasers
erz ore
erzaehler narrator
erzaehlung narration
erzaehlungen narrations
erzeuger generators
erzeugung generation
erzieherin governess
erziehung breeding
esel ass
essig vinegar
etappe hop
etat budget
etikett etiquette
eule owl
eulen owls
euter udder
eventuell eventually
ewigkeit eternity
existenz existance
exkremente excrements
experiment experiment
experimente experiments
experte expert
expertengremium braintrust
exponenten exponentials
extrakt extraction
extrakte extractions
fREEWARE freeware
fabel fable
fabrik factory
fabrikat make
fabrikationen manufactures
fach panel
fachleute experts
fackel torch
fackeln torches
fackelschein torchlight
faden filament
fadennudeln vermicelli
faeden filaments
faehigkeit ability
faehigkeiten abilities
faehre ferry
faehren ferries
faehrleute watermen
faehrmann waterman
faehrte track
faelle cases
faelschung falsification
faelschungen falsifications
faerbung coloring
faerbungen colorings
faesschen keg
faesser barrels
faeuste fists
faeustling mitten
faeustlinge mittens
fahne ensign
fahnen ensigns
fahnenstange flagstaff
fahnenstangen flagstaffs
fahrad bicycle
fahrgast passenger
fahrgeld carfare
fahrgestell undercarriage
fahrkarte ticket
fahrlaessigkeit negligence
fahrplan time-table
fahrrad bicycle
fahrraeder bicycles
fahrschein ticket
fahrscheine tickets
fahrspur lane
fahrwerk undercarriage
fahrwerke undercarriages
fahrzeug vehicle
fahrzeug- automotive
fahrzeuge vehicles
fairness fairness
faktor factor
faktoren factors
falke falcon
falken falcons
fall- downstream
falle pitfall
fallen pitfalls
fallobst windfall
fallschirm parachute
fallschirme parachutes
fallschirmspringer parachutist
falltuer trapdoor
falltueren trapdoors
falschheit falsehood
falte fold
falter folder
familie family
familien families
fan bigot
fans bigots
farad farads
farbe color
farben colors
farm farm
farmen ranches
farmer rancher
farn fern
fasan pheasant
fasane pheasants
faser fiber
fasern fibers
fass barrel
faulenzer bum
faulheit sloth
faust fist
faustschlaege fisticuffs
favorit favorite
februar february
feder feather
federhalter penholder
federn feathers
fehlanpassung maladjustment
fehlanpassungen maladjustments
fehlbetraege deficits
fehlbetrag deficit
fehler blemish
fehlerstelle flaw
fehlfunktion malfunction
fehlschuss miss
feier celebration
feierlichkeit ceremony
feierlichkeiten ceremonies
feiertag holiday
feiertage feasts
feigling coward
feind enemy
feinde enemies
feindschaft enmities
feindseligkeit animosity
feinheit nicety
feinheiten niceties
feld array
felder arrays
feldzug campaign
felge rim
felgen rims
fell pelt
felle pelts
fels rock
felsen rock
fenchel fennel
fenster window
fensterfluegel casement
fenstersims ledge
ferien vacation
fern- remote
fernglas binocular
fernlehrgaenge telecourses
fernlehrgang telecourse
fernrohr telescope
fernrohre telescopes
fernschreiber teleprinter
fernsehen tv
fernseher televisor
fernsehsendung telecast
fesselung ravishment
fest festival
festigkeit firmness
festland continent
festlichkeit festivity
festlichkeiten festivities
festplatz fairground
fett grease
fettleibigkeit obesities
fettschrift boldface
fetzen frazzle
feuchtigkeit humidity
feuchtigkeiten moistures
feuer fire
feuerstein flint
feuersteine flints
fichte fir
fieber fever
figuren figures
film film
filter filters
finanz finance
finanz- finicial
finger finger
fingerarbeit fingertips
fingerhuete thimbles
fingerhut foxglove
fink finch
finsternis darkness
firmen- corporate
fisch fish
fischbein whalebone
fische fishes
fischer fisherman
fischerei fishery
fischmilch milt
flachheit flatness
flachs flax
flaeschchen phial
flagge flag
flamme blaze
flammen flames
flansch flange
flanschkupplung half-coupling
flasche bottle
flaschen bottles
flaum fluff
flechte lichen
flechten lichens
fleck speck
flecken specks
fledermaeuse bats
flegel churl
fleisch meat
fleischbruehe broth
fleischwolf mincer
fleiss diligence
flexibilitaet flexibility
flieder lilac
fliege fly
fliehgewicht flyweight
fliehkraft- centrifugal
flirt flirtation
flirts flirtations
flittchen hussies
flitterwochen honeymoon
flocke flake
flocken flakes
floehe fleas
floesse rafts
floete flute
floeten flutes
floh flea
floss float
flosse fin
flossen fins
flotten navies
fluch curse
flucht escape
flueche curses
fluechtling refugee
fluechtlinge refugees
fluege flights
fluegel wings
fluesse rivers
fluessigkeit liquor
fluessigkeiten liquids
flug flight
flughafen airport
flugzeug aeroplane
flugzeuge aeroplanes
flugzeughalle hangar
flugzeughallen hangars
flunder flounder
fluss flow
flusspferd hippopotamus
flut flow
flut- tidal
flutlicht floodlight
foerderer conveyor
foerderung delivery
foerderungen furtherances
foermlichkeit formality
foermlichkeiten formalities
foerster woodman
fohlen foal
folge suite
folgen sequels
folgerung implication
folgerungen inferences
forderung demand
forelle trout
formatierung formatting
formel formula
formeln formulas
formfeeds formfeeds
formlosigkeit informality
forscher researcher
forschung research
fortbewegung locomotion
fortschritt advance
fortschritte proceedings
fortsetzung continuation
fortsetzungen continuations
fotografie photograph
fracht cargo
frachtvertraege charters
fraeulein miss
frage query
fragebogen questionaire
fragen queries
fragesteller questioner
frankreich france
franzose frenchman
fratze grimace
fratzen grimaces
frau wife
frauen wives
frechheit effrontery
frechheiten effronteries
freigebigkeit munificence
freigebigkeiten munificences
freigiebigkeit bounty
freihand- freehand
freiheit freedom
freiheiten freedoms
freispruch acquittal
freitag friday
freitage fridays
freiwillige volunteers
freiwilliger volunteer
freizuegigkeit liberality
fremde strangers
fremder stranger
frequenz frequency
frequenzen frequencies
freude enjoyment
freuden enjoyments
freudenfest whoopee
freudenfeste whoopees
freudenfeuer bonfire
freund boyfriend
freunde friends
freundin girlfriend
freundlichkeit cheerfulness
freundschaft amity
freundschaften amities
friede peace
friedhoefe cemeteries
friedhof cementery
frische freshness
friseur barber
friseure coiffeurs
frist reprieve
fristen respites
froehlichkeit gaiety
froehlichkeiten mirths
froesche frogs
frosch frog
frost frost
frostbeule chilblain
frostbeulen chilblains
frtageboegen questionaires
frucht fruit
fruchtbarkeit fertility
fruechte fruits
fruehling spring
fruehstueck breakfast
frustration frustration
fuchs fox
fuchs- vulpine
fuchsie fuchsia
fuchsien fuchsias
fuechse foxes
fuehler tentacle
fuehrer captains
fuehrerschein driving-license
fuehrungen guidances
fuelle fullness
fuellen fillies
fueller fillers
fuellungen stuffings
fuerbitte intercession
fuerbitten intercessions
fuerwort pronoun
fuesse feet
fuhrleute carters
fuhrmann carter
fundament footing
fundamente basements
fungfrau virgin
funktion function
funktionen functions
funktionsweise functionality
furche furrow
furchen furrows
furcht dread
furnier veneer
furniere veneers
fuss foot
fussball football
fussballspieler kicker
fussboden floor
fussboeden floors
fussgaenger pedestrian
fussnote footnote
fussweg footpath
fusszeile footer
fusszeilen footers
futter fodder
gabe gift
gabel fork
gabelfruehstueck lunch
gabeln forks
gaben donations
gaense geese
gaensebluemchen daisies
gaenserich gander
gaertner gardener
gaerung fermentation
gaeste guests
gaestezimmer guestroom
gala- fulldress
galerie gallery
galgen gallows
galle bile
gallone gallon
gameport gameport
gang gait
gangster bandit
gans goose
ganzzahlen integers
garage garage
garagen garages
garantie warranty
garantieen guaranties
garantien guarantees
garderobe warderobe
garderoben warderobes
garten garden
gartenarbeit gardening
gartenbau horticulture
gartenweg garden-path
gassenjunge ragamuffin
gassenjungen ragamuffins
gast guest
gastfreundschaft hospitality
gasthaeuser taverns
gasthaus tavern
gasthoefe inns
gasthof inn
gatte husband
gatten spouses
gattin wife
gaumen palate
gauner knaves
gaunerei knavery
gaunereien knaveries
gaze gauze
geaechtete outlaws
geaechteter outlaw
gebaeck pastry
gebaermutter uterus
gebaeude building
gebet prayer
gebinde wreath
geblaese blower
gebot commandment
gebote commandments
gebraeu concoction
gebuehr tax
gebuesch shrubbery
gebuesche shrubberies
geburt birth
geburten nativities
geburts- natal
geburtshilfe midwifery
geburtshilfen midwiferies
geburtstag birthday
geburtstage birthdays
geburtswehen throes
gedaechtnis memory
gedaechtnisse memories
gedanke thought
gedankenstrich dash
gedicht ode
gedichte odes
gedraenge throng
geduld patience
gefaehrte companion
gefaelligkeit complaisance
gefaelligkeiten complaisances
gefaengnis jail
gefaengnisse jails
gefaess vessel
gefaesse vessels
gefahr danger
gefahren perils
gefangener prisoner
gefangenschaft captivity
gefangenschaften captivities
gefieder plumage
gefluegel fowl
gefluester whisper
gefraessigkeiten voracities
gefuehl emotion
gefuehle emotions
gegend region
gegenden districts
gegenleistung consideration
gegenseite opposition
gegenseitigkeit reciprocity
gegenstand object
gegenstueck analogue
gegenstuecke counterparts
gegenteil opposite
gegenwart presence
gegner adversaries
gehaelter stipends
gehalt salary
geheimmittel nostrum
geheimnis mystery
geheimnisse mysteries
gehilfe helpmate
gehilfen helpmates
gehirn brains
gehoeft farmstead
gehoefte farmsteads
gehoelz grove
gehoelze groves
gehorsam obedience
gehweg pavement
gehwege pavements
geier vulture
geige fiddle
geigen fiddles
geiger fiddler
geisel hostage
geiseln hostages
geist ghost
geister spirits
geistesblitz brainwave
geistlicher clergyman
geiz avarice
geizhaelse niggards
geizhals miser
geizkragen misers
geklaeff yelp
gelaechter guffaw
gelaender balustrade
gelaeut peal
gelage carousal
gelbsucht jaundice
geld money
geld- monetary
geldgeber investor
geldschrank safe
geldstueck coin
gelee jelly
gelees jellies
gelegenheit chance
gelegenheiten chances
gelehrigkeit docility
gelehrte savants
gelehrter savant
geleit convoy
geleitzuege convoys
geliebte lady-love
gemaelde paintings
gemeinden communities
gemeinheit baseness
gemeinheiten basenesses
gemeinschaft community
gemeinschaften corporations
gemisch medley
gemische miscellanies
gemuese vegetable
genauigkeit accuracy
genehmigung approval
generationen generations
generator generator
genesung convalescence
genialitaet ingenuity
genie genius
genies wizzes
genugtuung satisfaction
genuss gender
geometrie geometry
gepaeck baggage
gepaecktraeger porter
gepaeckwagen baggagecar
geraet device
geraete devices
geraeusch noise
geraeusche noises
gerber tanner
gerberei tannery
gerbereien tanneries
gerechtigkeit justice
gerippe scrag
geroell bolder
gerste barley
geruch odor
geruchs- olfactory
gerueche odors
geruecht rumor
geruechte rumors
geruest scaffold
gerueste scaffolds
gesaenge chants
gesaess buttocks
gesamt- over-all
gesamtheit entirety
gesamtheiten totalities
gesang chant
geschaeft business
geschaefte bargains
geschaeftsinhaber shopkeeper
geschaeftsleute tradesmen
geschaeftsmann businessman
geschenk present
geschenkkoerbe hampers
geschenkkorb hamper
geschichte history
geschichten tales
geschick skill
geschlecht sex
geschlechter sexes
geschlechts- venereal
geschlossenheit closeness
geschmack flavor
geschoss missile
geschosse missiles
geschrei clamor
geschwaetz flubdub
geschwindigkeit celerity
geschwindigkeiten celerities
geschworene jurors
geschworener juror
geschwuer ulcer
geschwuere ulcers
gesellschaft society
gesellschaften companionships
gesetz law
gesetze laws
gesicht face
gesichtswinkel viewpoint
gesindel vermins
gespenst spectre
gespraech conversation
gestaendnis confession
gestaenge linkage
gestalt figure
gestalten shapes
gestaltung formation
gestank stench
geste gesture
gestell rack
gestelle racks
gesten gestures
gestruepp brushwood
gesundheit health
gesundheits- sanitary
gesundheitspflege sanitation
getoese bluster
getraenk beverage
getraenke beverages
getreide cereal
getriebe gear
gewaechshaus greenhouse
gewaehrleistung warrantee
gewaender garbs
gewaesser waters
gewahrsam ward
gewalt force
gewalten mights
gewalttaetigkeiten outrages
gewalttaetikeit outrage
gewand garb
gewandtheit dexterity
gewebe texture
gewehr gun
gewehre guns
gewerkschaftler unionist
gewicht heft
gewichte hefts
gewinde thread
gewinn asset
gewinne winnings
gewinner winner
gewissen conscience
gewissenhaftigkeit consciousness
gewissensbisse remorse
gewitter tempest
gewoehnung customization
gewoelbe vault
gewohnheit custom
gewohnheiten customs
gewuerz spice
gezeiten tide
gier greed
giesserei foundry
giesskanne watering-can
gift poison
gifte poisons
giftstoff toxin
giftstoffe toxins
gipfel acme
girlande festoon
girlanden festoons
gitarre guitar
gitarren guitars
gitter grid
glaette sleekness
glaeubige believers
glaeubiger believer
glanz brilliance
glas glass
glaser glazier
glasuren glazes
glaube estimation
gleichfoermigkeit uniformity
gleichfoermigkeiten uniformities
gleichgewicht balance
gleichgueltigkeit indifference
gleichheit equality
gleichheitszeichen equals
gleichnis parable
gleichnisse parables
gletscher glacer
glied limb
glieder limbs
glocke bell
glockentuerme belfries
glockenturm belfry
glossen glosses
glueck luck
gluecklicherweise fortunately
gluecksfaelle lucks
glueckwunsch congratulation
gluehbirne bulb
glut fervency
gnom gnome
gnome gnomes
gobelin tapestry
goettin goddes
gold gold
goldklumpen nugget
golf gulf
golfe gulfs
gosse gutter
gossen gutters
gott god
gottheit deity
gottheiten deities
grab grave
graben ditch
grabstein tombstone
grabsteine tombstones
grad deg
gradation gradation
graeben ditches
graeber sepulchers
graeser grasses
grafik graphic
grafiken graphics
grafschaft county
gram grief
gramm gramme
grammatik grammar
gras grass
grasnarben sods
grat ridge
grate spines
graubaer grizzly
graubaeren grizzlies
grausamkeit cruelty
grausamkeiten cruelties
greisenalter senility
grenze boundary
grenzen boundaries
grenzstein landmark
grenzsteine landmarks
griff grasp
griffel pen
grill barbecue
grimm fierceness
grinsen grin
grippe influenza
groesse bulk
groessen magnitudes
grog toddy
grogs toddies
groll dudgeon
grossbuchstaben capitals
grosseltern grandparents
grosshaendler wholesaler
grosshandel wholesale
grossmut generosity
grossmutter grandmother
grossschrift capitalization
grossvater grandfather
grotte grotto
grotten grottoes
grube pit
gruben pits
gruen green
gruende reasons
gruender founder
gruendung foundation
gruendungen foundations
gruenschnabel sapling
gruenschnaebel saplings
gruenspan verdigris
gruesse greetings
grund ground
grundbesitz realty
grundbesitzungen realties
grundlagen fundamentals
grundlinie baseline
grundplatte bedplate
grundsaetze maxims
grundsatz maxim
gruppe group
gruppen groups
gruss salutation
gueltigkeit validity
gueltigkeiten validities
gueltigkeitspruefung validation
guenstling minion
guenstlinge minions
guertel belt
guete gentleness
gueter goods
gueterzug freighttrain
gulasch goulash
gummi gum
gummis rubbers
gunst favor
gurke cucumber
gurken gherkins
gurt girth
gurtbaender webbings
gurtband webbing
gurte girths
gussteil casting
gut manor
gutachter censor
hOME home
hOT hot
hZ hz
haar hair
haarbuerste hairbrush
haare hairs
haarnadel hairpin
haarnadeln hairpins
haarschnitt haircut
habgier cupidities
habicht hawk
habichte hawks
hacke hoe
hacken hoes
hackmesser chopper
haefen harbors
haeftling prisoner
haeftlinge prisoners
haehne cocks
haelfte half
haelften halves
haelse necks
haemmer hammers
haende hands
haendeschuetteln handshake
haendler dealer
haenge hillsides
haengematte hammock
haengematten hammocks
haerte hardness
haerten hardnesses
haeuschen lodge
haeuser houses
haeute skins
hafen harbor
haferflocken oatmeal
haft arrest
hagebutte haw
hagebutten haws
hagel hail
hagelschauer hailstorm
hahn cock
hai shark
haie sharks
haken crotchet
halb- demi
halbinsel peninsula
halbinseln peninsulas
halbkugel hemispheres
halbstarke mods
halle hall
hallo hello
hals neck
halsband collar
halsbunde neckbands
halschheit falseness
halskette necklace
halsketten necklaces
halstuch neckerchief
halstuecher neckerchiefs
halt halt
halte- retaining
haltegurt tether
halter holder
haltung attitude
haltungen attitudes
hammel mutton
hammer gavel
hand hand
handarbeit handiwork
handarbeiten handiworks
handbuch handbook
handel commerce
handels- marketing
handelsmarken trademarks
handgelenk wrist
handgelenke wrists
handgepaeck handluggage
handkoffer suitcase
handschrift handwriting
handschriften handwritings
handschuh glove
handschuhe gloves
handtasche gripsack
handtaschen gripsacks
handtuch towel
handtuecher towels
handvoll handful
handwerk handicraft
handwerker manufacturer
handzettel handbill
hanf hemp
hang hillside
hanswuerste tomfools
hanswurst tomfool
hardcopy hardcopy
harddisks harddisks
hardware hardware
harfe harp
harfen harps
harmonie harmony
harpune harpoon
harpunen harpoons
harresbreite hairbreadth
hartgeld specie
hartnaeckigkeiten obstinacies
harz resin
hase bunny
haselnuesse filberts
haselnuss filbert
hasen hares
hasenscharte harelip
hass hate
haube bonnet
hauben bonnets
hauch breeze
hauer tusk
haufen heap
haupt- cardinal
haupt.. master
hauptgeraet mainframe
hauptleitung trunking
hauptplatine motherboard
hauptquartier headquarters
hauptstadt metropolis
hauptwoerter nouns
hauptwort noun
haus house
hausarbeit homework
hausfrau housewife
hausfrauen housewives
hausgrundstueck premises
haushaelterin housekeeper
haushalt household
haushalte households
haushaltung housekeeping
hausierer huckster
hausmeister caretaker
haustuer frontdoor
haut skin
header headers
hebamme midwife
hebammen midwifes
hebel lever
hebelkraft leverage
hecke hedge
hecken hedges
heer army
heftigkeiten vehemences
heftklammer staple
heftklammern staples
heftpflaster plaster
heide heather
heideland wold
heil salvation
heilbutt halibut
heiligenschein nimbus
heiligkeit sanctity
heiligkeiten sanctities
heiligtuemer sanctuaries
heiligtum sanctuary
heilmittel remedies
heimlichkeit secrecy
heimlichkeiten secrecies
heimweh nostalgia
heirat marriage
heiraten marriages
heiterkeit serenity
heiterkeiten serenities
heizer stoker
heizkoerper radiator
heizung firing
heizungen firings
heldin heroine
heldinnen heroines
helfer backer
helligkeit brightness
hellseher clairvoyant
helm helmet
helme helmets
hemd chemise
hemden shirts
hemisphere hemisphere
hemmschuh skid
hemmschuhe skids
hemmungen inhibitions
hengst stallion
hengste stallions
henker hangman
henne hen
herabsetzung decremented
herabsetzungen reductions
herausforderung challenge
herausforderungen defiances
herausgeber publishers
herberge harborage
herbergen harborages
herbst autumn
hercules hercules
herd hearth
herde flock
herden flocks
hering herring
herkunft parentage
herr mr
herren gents
herrin mistress
herrinnen mistresses
herrschaft dominion
herrschaften masteries
herrscher sovereign
herstellend manufacturing
herz heart
herzen hearts
herzklopfen palpitation
hetze chevy
heu hay
heuchelei hypocrisy
heucheleien hypocrisies
heuchler hypocrite
heuhaufen haycock
heuschrecke grasshopper
heuschrecken locusts
hexe hag
hexen hags
hexerei witchcraft
hexereien witchcrafts
hilfe help
hilfefile helpfile
hilflosigkeit helplessness
hilfs- auxiliary
hilfsmittel resource
hilfsquellen resources
himbeere raspberry
himbeeren raspberries
himmel heaven
himmelskoerper luminaries
hindernis hindrance
hindernisse barriers
hingebung devotion
hintergruende backgrounds
hintergrund background
hintertuer back-door
hinterwaeldler backwoodsman
hinweis clue
hinweise hints
hirn brain
hirnhautentzuendung meningitis
hirsch hart
hirsche harts
hirse millet
hirt herder
hitze ardency
hitzkoepfe spitfires
hitzkopf hothead
hobbies hobbies
hobby fad
hochland upland
hochruf cheer
hochrufe cheers
hochzeit wedding
hochzeiten weddings
hochzeits- nuptial
hocker stool
hoden testicle
hoechstleistung tilt
hoecker humps
hoeflichkeit civility
hoeflichkeiten civilities
hoehe altitude
hoehen heights
hoehepunkt climax
hoehepunkte climaxes
hoehle cave
hoehlen burrows
hoelle hell
hoelzer lumbers
hoerensagen hearsay
hoerer hearer
hoerner cornets
hof court
hoffnung hope
hohlraum cavity
holz lumber
holzkohle charcoal
holzkohlen charcoals
holzschnitt woodcut
holzschnitte woodcuts
holzschraube woodscrew
honig honey
horizont horizon
horizonte horizons
horn cornet
hornisse hornet
hornissen hornets
hose pants
hosen trousers
hotel hotel
hotelpage bellhop
hotels hotels
hotkey hotkey
hubschrauber gyroplane
huefte haunch
hueften haunches
huegel hill
huegelchen hillock
huehner hens
huelle envelope
huellen wrappers
huelse husk
huelsen husks
huendin bitch
huendinnen bitches
huerde hurdle
huerden hurdles
huete hats
huette cottage
huetten hovels
hufeisen horseshoe
huhn hen
huldigung homage
huldigungen homages
hummel bumblebee
hummer lobster
humor humor
hund dog
hunde dogs
hunde- canine
hunderte hundreds
hundertster hundredth
hunger hunger
hungern starvation
hungersnot famine
hure harlot
huren harlots
husten cough
hut hat
hyaene hyaena
hyaenen hyaenas
hyazinthe hyacinth
hyazinthen hyacinths
hymne hymn
hymnen hymns
hypothekenschuldner mortgager
hypothese hypothesis
i-Profil i-section
iBM ibm
iEEE ieee
iNHALT contents
iches inches
idealismus idealism
idee conception
ideen conceptions
identifizierung identification
identifizierungsmerkmale identifiers
identifizierungszeichen identifier
identitaet identity
idiot blockhead
idioten blockheads
idole idols
igel hedgehog
ihr your
ihre yours
illusion illusion
illusionen illusions
illustrationen illustrations
iltis polecat
iltisse polecats
imbiss snack
impfstoff vaccine
impfstoffe vaccines
impfung vaccination
impfungen vaccinations
import importation
inbesitznahme occupation
inbetriebnahme implementing
indikator indicator
indikatoren indicators
indiskretion indiscretion
indiskretionen indiscretions
individualitaet individuality
industrie industry
information information
informationen informations
ingenieur engineer
ingenieure engineers
ingwer ginger
inhaber holder
inhalt content
inhalte tenors
initiale initials
initialisiere initialize
initialisierung initialization
initiative initiative
initiierung initiation
injektion injection
injektionen injections
innenteil core
innung guild
innungen guilds
insasse inmate
insassen inmates
insekt insect
insel insular
inseln insulars
installation installing
installationen installations
installierbar installable
installierung installation
integritaet integrity
intellektueller egghead
intelligenz intelligence
intensitaet intensity
interesse interest
interface inferface
international international
interpreter interpreter
interpunktation punctuation
intervall interval
intervalle intervals
interview interview
intriege intrigue
intriegen intrigues
intrigant intriguer
intriganten intriguers
inventar inventory
invertierung inverting
investition investment
ionisierung ionization
ionosphaere ionosphere
ire irishman
irin irishwoman
irland ireland
irre morons
irrenhaeuser madhouses
irrenhaus madhouse
irrer moron
irrglaube misbelief
irrtum error
island iceland
italic italics
italien italy
ja yes
jacken coats
jaeger hunter
jahr year
jahre years
jahrestag anniversary
jahrestage anniversaries
jahreszeit season
jahreszeiten seasons
jahrhundert century
jahrhunderte centuries
jahrmarkt fair
januar jan
japaner nisei
jazz jazz
jeder everybody
jedoch however
jenseits kingdom-come
jod iodine
jolle yawl
jollen yawls
journal journal
journalismus journalism
joystick joystick
joysticks joysticks
jubilaeum jubilee
jude jew
juedin jewess
jugend boyhood
juli jul
junfer spinster
junfern spinsters
junfraeulichkeit maidenhead
junge boy
jungesellen bachelors
jungfraeulichkeit virginity
jungfrauen virgins
junggeselle bachelor
juni june
jurist judge
juwel jewel
juwelen jewels
kabel cable
kabeljau cod
kabine cabin
kabinen cabins
kabinett cabinet
kabinette cabinets
kadaver carcases
kadett cadet
kadetten cadets
kaefer beetle
kaefig cage
kaefige cages
kaelber calves
kaelte coldness
kaemme combs
kaempfe combats
kaempfer combatant
kaenguruh kangoroo
kaenguruhs kangoroos
kaese cheese
kaesekuchen cheesecakes
kaesten bins
kaetzchen catkin
kaeufer buyer
kaeuzchen screechowi
kaeuze codgers
kaffee coffee
kai wharf
kais wharfs
kakadu cockatoo
kakadus cockatoes
kakao cacao
kalb calf
kalbfleisch veal
kalender calendar
kamel camel
kamele camels
kamerad buddy
kameraden buddies
kameradschaft fellowship
kameras cameras
kamille camomile
kamin chimney
kamine chimneys
kaminplatte mantelpiece
kamm comb
kammer chamber
kampf campaigns
kanada canada
kanaele canals
kanal canal
kanalisation sewerage
kanalisationen sewerages
kandidaten candidates
kandis candy
kaninchen rabbit
kanne tankard
kannen tankards
kannibale cannibal
kannibalen cannibals
kanone cannon
kanonen cannons
kantine canteen
kantinen canteens
kapazitaet capacity
kapelle chapel
kapellen chapels
kapellmeister bandmaster
kapern capers
kapitaen captain
kapitel chapters
kappe cap
kapriole caper
kapsel capsule
kapseln capsules
karikatur caricature
karikaturen cartoons
karneval carnival
karomuster chequers
karpfen carp
karre barrow
karte card
karten cards
karten-Nr. cardnumber
kartoffel potato
kartoffeln potatoes
karton cardboard
kartons cartons
kaserne barracks
kassette cartridge
kassetten caskets
kassierer cashier
kastanien chestnuts
kasten chest
katalog catalog
kataloge catalogues
katalogisierung cataloging
kategorie category
kategorieen categories
katze cat
katzen cats
kauderwelsch gibberish
kaufen buying
kaufleute merchants
kaufmann merchant
kaulquappe tadpole
kaulquappen tadpoles
kaution bail
kauz codger
kegel cone
kegeln ninepins
kehle gorge
kehlen goals
kehlkopf larynx
keks biscuit
kekse biscuits
kelch chalice
kelche chalices
kelle dipper
kellen dippers
keller cellar
kellner butlers
kellnerin waitress
kellnerinnen waitresses
kenner connoisseur
kenntnis knowledge
kennzeichen badges
kerbe dent
kerker dungeon
kerl guy
kerle guys
kern core
kern- nuclear
kerne cores
kernpunkt nub
kernpunkte quintessences
kernstuecke nubs
kerze candle
kerzen candles
kessel boiler
kette catena
ketzerei heresy
keuschheit chastity
kibitz kibitzer
kibitze kibitzers
kiefer jaw
kiefern pines
kiel keel
kieme gill
kiemen gills
kies gravel
kieselstein pebble
kieselsteine pebbles
kind child
kinder children
kindermaedchen nannies
kinderzimmer nurseries
kindheit childhood
kindheiten infancies
kinn chin
kino cinema
kinos cinemas
kirche church
kirchen churches
kirchhoefe churchyards
kirchhof churchyard
kirchtuerme steeples
kirchturm steeple
kirsche cherry
kirschen cherries
kissen cushion
kisten chests
klaeger plaintiff
klaerung clarification
klaerungen clearances
klage lament
klagen complaints
klammer brace
klammern braces
klapperschlange rattlesnake
klapperschlangen rattlesnakes
klaps dab
klapse dabs
klarheit clarity
klarheiten clarities
klasse class
klassen classes
klatschbase telltale
klatschbasen telltales
klaue claw
klauen claws
klavier piano
klaviere pianos
klecks blot
kleckse blots
klee trefoil
kleeblaetter shamrocks
kleeblatt shamrock
kleid dress
kleider clothes
kleiderschrank wardrobe
kleidung clothing
kleie bran
kleinigkeit trifle
kleinschrift lowercase
kleinstcomputer minicomputer
kleinverkauf retail
klempner plumber
klick click
klima climate
klinge blade
klingel bell
klingeln bells
klinker clinker
kloester monasteries
kloetze chumps
klopfer beater
kloster monastry
klotz chump
kluempchen clot
klugheit cleverness
klumpen clump
knabe boy
knall bang
knastbruder jailbird
knastbrueder jailbirds
knechte menials
kneifzange pincers
kneipe pub
kneipen pubs
knie knee
kniehosen breeches
kniff knack
knirps tot
knirpse tots
knoblauch garlic
knochen bone
knoechel ankle
knoepfe knobs
knolle bulb
knollen tubers
knopf button
knorpel cartilage
knospe bud
knoten kink
knoten- nodal
knueppel bludgeon
kobold elf
kobolde elfs
kocher boiler
kochnische kitchenette
kochplatte boilerplate
kochtoepfe saucepans
kochtopf saucepan
koeder bait
koenig king
koenige kings
koenigin queen
koenigreich kingdom
koenigreiche kingdoms
koepfe heads
koerbe baskets
koernchen granule
koerner grains
koerper bodies
koerperbau physique
koerperschaft corporation
koeter tyke
koffer bag
kohl cabbage
kohle coal
kohlen coals
koje bunk
kojen bunks
kokospalme coco
kolben piston
kolben- reciproating
kolibri hummingbird
kolik colic
koliken colics
kollege colleague
kollegen colleagues
koller tantrum
kollision collision
kollisionen collisions
kolonialwarenhaendler grocer
kolonie colony
kombination combination
kombinationen combinations
kombuese caboose
kombuesen cabooses
komfort comfort
komission comission
komissionen comissions
komma comma
kommata commas
kommentar commentary
kommentare comments
kommunikation communication
kommunikationen communications
kommunismus communism
komoedie comedy
komoedien comedies
kompaktheit compactness
kompass compass
kompatibilitaet compatibility
kompensation compensation
komplikation complication
kompliment compliment
komplize accomplice
komplizen accomplices
komponente component
komponenten components
kompression compression
kompressor compressor
kompromiss compromise
konfekt confection
konferenz conference
konferenzen conferences
konfiguration configuaration
konfigurationen configurations
konflikt conflict
konkurrent competitor
konkurrenten competitors
konkurs bankruptcy
konkurse bankruptcies
konsequent consequential
konsequenz consequence
konsole bracket
konstruiert constructs
konstruktion construction
kontakt contact
kontinente continents
kontrast contrast
konvention convention
konventionen conventions
konverter converter
konzept concept
konzepte concepts
konzert concert
konzerte concerts
koordinate coordinate
koordinaten coordinates
koordination coordination
kopf pate
kopfkissen pillow
kopfnuesse clouts
kopfnuss clout
kopfschmerz headache
kopfschmerzen headache
kopfzeile headline
kopien copies
koppler coupler
koralle coral
korallen corals
korb basket
korn grain
korrektur correction
korrekturen corrections
korrespondenz correspondence
kost food
kostbarkeit costliness
kostbarkeiten costlinesses
kosten expense
kot excrement
kotelett chop
koteletts chops
kotfluegel mudguard
kotletts cutlets
krabbe shrimp
krabben crab
kraefte strengths
kraemer chandler
kraempfe cramps
kraenkung mortification
kraenkungen mortifications
kraeuter herbs
kraft force
kraftfahrzeug autocar
kraftfahrzeuge autocars
kragen collar
kralle talon
krallen talons
krampf cramp
krampfader varicose
krampfadern varicoses
kran crane
kranich crane
kraniche cranes
krankenhaeuser hospitals
krankenhaus hospital
krankheit disease
krankheiten diseases
kranz annulus
kraut herb
krawate tie
krawatte necktie
krebs cancer
kreide chalk
kreis circle
kreise circles
kreisel- centrifugal
kreislaeufe circuits
kreislauf circuitry
kreisprozess cycle
kreml kremlin
kreuz cross
kreuzungen hybrids
kreuzwort crossword
kriecher creeper
kriecherei servility
kriechereien servilities
krieg war
kriege wars
krieger warrior
krippe manger
krippen mangers
krise crises
kriterium criterion
kritik criticism
kritiker censors
kroenung coronation
kroenungen coronations
kroete toad
kroeten toads
krone crown
kronen crowns
kronleuchter lustres
kruege jars
kruemel crumb
kruemmung crook
kruemmungen curvatures
krueppel cripple
krug jar
kruste crust
krusten crusts
kuchen cake
kuckuck cuckoo
kuebel tub
kueche cuisine
kuechen cuisines
kuegelchen pellet
kuehe cows
kuehle coolness
kuehlmittel coolant
kuehlschraenke fridges
kuehlschrank refrigerator
kuehlung cooling
kuehnheit hardihood
kueken chicken
kuenste arts
kuenstler artist
kuerbis pumpkin
kuerbisse gourds
kuerze brevity
kuerzung abridgement
kuerzungen abridgements
kueste coast
kuesten coasts
kuester sexton
kugel ball
kugeln bullets
kuh cow
kummer grief
kunde client
kunden clients
kundgebung manifestation
kundgebungen manifestations
kundschaft clientele
kunst art
kunstgriff artifice
kunstseide rayon
kunststoff plastics
kupfer copper
kuppel dome
kuppeln domes
kuppler pimp
kurbelgehaeuse crankcase
kurbelwange crankweb
kurbelzapfen crankpin
kursiv cursive
kursivschrift italic
kurve bend
kurven curves
kurzwaren haberdashery
kurzwelle shortwave
kuss kiss
kutsche coach
kutschen coaches
kutte cowl
kutten cowls
labyrinth maze
labyrinthe mazes
lachen laughter
lachs salmon
lachse salmons
ladeluftkuehlung intercooling
laden downloading
ladentisch counter
ladeprogramm loader
ladungen cargos
laecheln smile
laeger storehouses
laehmung palsy
laemmer lambs
laender countries
laenge footage
laengen longitudes
laerche larches
laerm din
laetzchen bib
laeufer runner
laeuse lice
lage site
lager bearing
lagerhaus warehouse
lagerung storage
lakritz licorice
lametta tinsel
lamm lamb
lampe lamp
lampen lamps
lampenschirm lampshade
lampenschirme lampshades
land country
landesgrenze frontier
landkarte map
landschaft landscape
landschaften landscapes
landstreicher tramp
landung landing
landwirt farmer
landwirtschaft husbandry
langeweile boredom
langlebigkeit longevity
langschrift longhand
lanze lance
lappen lobe
larve larva
larven larvas
laser laser
lasso lariat
lassos lariats
last burden
lasten encumbrances
lastwagen lorries
laterne lantern
laternen lanterns
latte lath
latten laths
laub foliage
laube bower
lauben bowers
lauch leeks
lauf course
lauffeuer wildfire
laufring race
laufwerk drive
laufwerke drives
laufzeit milage
laufzeiten milages
laune caprice
launen caprices
laus louse
laute lute
lauten lutes
lautstaerke loudness
lavendel lavender
layout layout
layouts layouts
leben life
lebensalter age
lebenserwartung lifespan
lebensmittel provisions
lebensmittelgeschaeft grocery
lebensmittelgeschaefte groceries
lebensmittelhaendler grocer
lebenszeit lifetime
leber liver
lebhaftigkeit liveliness
lebhaftigkeiten vivacities
lebkuchen gingerbread
lebzeiten lifetimes
leck leak
lecken leakages
leckerbissen delicacies
leder buff
leere emptiness
leerfelder spaces
leerlauf idle
leerstelle blankspace
leertaste spacebar
leerzeichen blanks
legenden fables
lehm clay
lehnstuehle armchairs
lehnstuhl armchair
lehre apprenticeship
lehren doctrines
lehrer teachers
lehrerin schoolmistress
lehrfach subject
lehrling apprentice
lehrlinge apprentices
leib body
leibschmerzen stomach-ache
leibwaechter bodyguard
leichenhalle mortuary
leichenhallen mortuaries
leichenschauhaus morgue
leichentuch shroud
leichentuecher shrouds
leichenwagen hearse
leichtfertigkeiten levities
leichtigkeit facility
leichtigkeiten facilities
leichtsinn flippancy
leid harm
leiden ailment
leidenschaft passion
leidenschaften passions
leidtragende mourners
leidtragender mourner
leihe loan
leihen loans
leihhaeuser pawnshops
leihhaus pawnshop
leim glue
leinen linen
leiste ledge
leisten ledges
leistungsaufnahme input
leistungsverhalten performance
leistungsvermoegen capacities
leiter ladder
leiterin managress
leitfaden textbook
leitfaeden textbooks
leitlinien guidelines
leitung conduction
leitungen conductions
leitungsnetz mains
lektion lesson
lektionen lessons
lektuere lecture
lende loin
lerche skylark
lerchen skylarks
lesbarkeit legibility
leser reader
leuchter candlestick
leugnen denial
leute folk
licht light
lichtung glade
lichtungen glades
lid lid
lider lids
liebe love
liebling darling
lieblinge pets
lied song
lieder ballads
lieferant supplier
lieferanten suppliers
lieferung delivery
liga league
lightpens lightpens
lilie lilly
lilien lillies
limonade lemonade
limousine sedan
limousinen sedans
linderungsmittel palliative
linie line
linienfahrzeug liner
linse lens
linsen lenses
lippe lip
lippen lips
lippenstift lipstick
lippenstifte lipsticks
liqidationen liquidations
liste list
listen wiles
listings listings
liter litre
literatur literature
lizenz liscense
lizenzen licenses
lizenzgeber licensor
lizenznehmer licensee
lob praise
loch hole
locke curl
locken curls
loecher holes
loeffel spoon
loeschen erasure
loescher blotter
loesung lotion
loesungen lotions
loesungsmittel solvent
loewe lion
loewen lions
loewin lioness
logos logos
lohnempfaenger wage-earner
londoner cockney
lorbeer laurel
losung watchword
losungen watchwords
lot plummet
luchs lynx
luchse lynxes
luecke gap
luecken gaps
luefter fan
luege lie
luegner liar
luemmel boor
luester chandelier
luestling voluptuary
luestlinge voluptuaries
luft air
luftpost air-mail
luftroehre windpipe
luftroehren windpipes
luftschlitz louvre
luftspiegelung mirage
luftspiegelungen mirages
luftstrom airflow
lufttaxen aerocabs
lufttaxi aerocab
lumpensammler ragman
lunge lung
lungen lungs
lungenentzuendung pneumonia
lupine lupin
lupinen lupins
lust delight
lustspiel comedy
luxus luxuries
mB mbyte
mInnesaenger minstrel
mSDOS msdos
macher wright
macht might
macros macros
made maggot
maden maggots
maedchen girl
maedchenzeit girlhood
maehne mane
maehnen manes
maengel deficiencies
maenner men
maennlichkeit manhood
maennlichkeiten virilities
maentel cloaks
maerchen fairy-tale
maerkte markets
maertyrer martyr
maerz mar
maessigung moderation
maessigungen temperances
maetzchen hokum
maeuse mice
magazin magazine
magen stomach
magnet lodestone
magnete lodestones
magnetismus magnetism
mahl dinner
mahlzeit meal
mahlzeiten meals
mai may
maibaeume maypoles
maibaum maypole
mais corn
majestaet majesty
makaroni macaroni
makler broker
makrele mackerel
makrelen mackerels
makro macro
makrone macaroon
makronen macaroons
maler painter
malz malt
manager manager
mandarine tangerine
mandarinen tangerines
mandat mandate
mandate mandates
mandel tonsil
mandelentzuendung quinsy
mandelentzuendungen quinsies
mandeln tonsils
mangel deficiency
manipulation manipulation
manipulationen manipulations
mann man
mannschaft team
mannschaften teams
mannschaftsfuehrer teamster
manschette sleeve
manschetten wristbands
mantel cloak
manual manual
manuale manuals
marder marten
mark marrow
marke marker
markiert tagged
markierung indentation
markierungen indentations
markt market
marktplatz marketplace
marktschreier mountebank
marmelade jam
marmor marble
marsch march
masche mesh
maschen meshes
maschine engine
maschinen machines
maschinenbau engineering
maschinerien machineries
masern measles
maske mask
masken masks
maskerade masquerade
maskeraden masquerades
maskierend masking
maskottchen mascot
mass gauge
masse metrics
masseinheit measurement
massen bulks
massiv massif
massive massifs
massnahme sanction
massnahmen sanctions
mast mast
masten masts
material material
materialien materials
mathematiker mathematician
matratze mattress
matratzen mattresses
matrix matrix
matrose sailor
matsch sludge
matte mat
matten mats
mattigkeit languor
mauer wall
mauer- mural
maultier mule
maultiere mules
maulwurfshuegel molehill
maurer bricklayer
maus mouse
maxima maximums
maximum maximum
mechaniker mechanic
mechanismus mechanism
medaillon locket
medaillons lockets
medizin medicine
meer sea
meere oceans
meeresfruechte seafood
megabyte megabyte
mehl flour
mehltau mildew
mehrheit majority
mehrheiten majorities
mehrzahl plural
meile mile
meilen miles
meilenstein cornerstone
meilensteine milestones
meineid perjury
meineide perjuries
meinung opinion
meinungen opinions
meise titmouse
meisen titmice
meissel chisel
meisterschaft championship
meisterschaften championships
meisterstueck masterpiece
meisterstuecke masterpieces
meldung message
meldungen messages
melodie melody
melodien melodies
melone melon
melonen melons
menge crowd
mengen crowds
menschenfeind misanthrope
menschenfeinde misanthropes
menschenfresser ogre
menschenfreund philanthropist
menschheit mankind
menschlichkeit humanity
mentalitaet mentality
mentalitaeten mentalities
menue menu
menues menus
menuett minuet
menuette minuets
meridian meridian
merkmale tees
messer knife
messgeraet gauge
messing brass
messstab dipstick
messungen measurements
metall metal
metalle metals
metallueberzug plating
metapher metaphor
metaphern metaphors
meteor meteor
meteore meteors
meter meter
methode method
methoden methods
metzger butcher
meuterei mutiny
meutereien mutinies
meuterer mutineer
micro- micro
microsekunde microsecond
microvolt microvolt
miene air
mienen miens
miete lease
mieter lodger
mietshaus tenement
mietwohnung flat
mikrocomputer microcomputers
mikrofon microphone
mikrofone microphones
mikroprozessor microprocessor
mikrosekunden microseconds
mikroskop microscope
mikroskope microscopes
milch milk
milchmaenner milkmen
milchmann milkman
milde clemency
milliarde billions
millimeter millimeter
millionaer millionaire
millionaere millionaires
millisekunden milliseconds
minderheit minority
minderheiten minorities
minderjaehriger minor
minderjaehrigkeit nonage
minderwertigkeit inferiority
minderwertigkeiten inferiorities
mineral mineral
mineralwasser minerals
minimum minimum
ministerien ministries
ministerium ministry
minnesaenger minstrels
minute minute
minuten minutes
minze mint
mischling hybrid
mischlinge mongrels
mischmasch hotpotch
mischung mixture
missbilligung disapprobation
missbilligungen disapprovals
missbrauch misusage
misserfolg failure
missfallen disfavor
missgeschick misadventure
misslingen miscarriage
missstaende nuisances
missstand nuisance
mist muck
mistel mistletoe
misteln mistletoes
mistgabel muckrake
mistgabeln muckrakes
miterbe coheir
miterben coheirs
mitesser blackhead
mitgefuehl sympathy
mitglied member
mitgliedschaft membership
mitgliedschaften memberships
mitleid charity
mitleit pity
mitschueler schoolfellow
mitschuld complicity
mittag midday
mittage noons
mittagessen lunch
mitte centre
mittel means
mittel- medial
mittelmeer- mediterranean
mittelsmaenner middlemen
mittelsmann middleman
mitten middles
mitternacht midnight
mittwoch wednesday
mitwirkung concurrence
mixer blender
mode fashion
modell model
modelle models
modem modem
modems modems
modistin milliner
modistinnen milliners
module module
modus mode
moebel furniture
moeglichkeit possibility
moehre carrot
moehren carrots
moench friar
moenche friars
moepse pugs
moerder assassin
moerderin murderess
moertel mortar
moewe gull
moewen gulls
molkerei dairy
moment instant
momente moments
monat month
monate monthes
mond moon
mond- lunar
monde moons
mondlicht moonlight
monitor monitor
monitore monitors
monsun monsoon
montag monday
montage assembly
montagen fittings
monteur fitter
moor fen
moore fens
moos moss
mop mop
mops pug
morast morass
mord murder
morgen acre
morgendaemmerung dawn
morgenemfang levee
morgenempfaenge levees
morphium morphia
morse morse
mosaik mosaic
mosaiken mosaics
moschee mosque
moscheen mosques
moschus musk
moskito mosquito
moskitos mosquitos
motiv motif
motor motor
motorhaube bonnet
motorradfahrer motorcyclist
motte moth
motten mothes
muecke gnat
muecken gnats
muede tired
muedigkeit weariness
muedigkeiten wearinesses
muehe trouble
muehle mill
muehlen mills
muehlstein millstone
muehlsteine millstones
mueller miller
muender mouthes
muendung orifice
muendungen orifices
muenze coin
muenzen coins
muetter mothers
muetze cap
muff muff
mull mull
multicolor multicolor
multifrequenz multifrequency
multiplikation multiplication
mund mouth
mundart idiom
mundstueck mouthpiece
munition munitions
mus mush
muschel mussel
muscheln scallops
museen museums
museum museum
musik music
musikpavillon bandstand
muskatnuesse nutmegs
muskatnuss nutmeg
muskel muscle
muskeln muscles
musse leisure
muster sample
mut audacity
mutlosigkeit chill
mutter mother
mutterschaft maternity
muttersprache mother-tongue
myrrhe myrrh
mythen myths
mythos myth
nabe hub
nabel navel
nachahmung imitation
nachahmungen imitations
nachbar neighbor
nachbarn neighbors
nachbarschaft neighborhood
nachbarschaften vicinities
nachbildung emulation
nachdruck emphasis
nacherwaermung reheat
nachforschung search
nachkomme descendant
nachkommen descendants
nachlaessigkeit negligence
nachlaessigkeiten negligences
nachlass bequest
nachmittag afternoon
nachname surname
nachnamen surnames
nachricht news
nachrichten newscast
nachsicht charities
nacht night
nachteil disadvantage
nachteile disadvantages
nachteinbruch nightfall
nachthemd nighties
nachtigall nightingale
nachtigallen nightingales
nachtisch dessert
nachtmuetze nightcap
nachtmuetzen nightcaps
nachtwache vigil
nachtwachen vigils
nachwirkung aftermath
nachwirkungen aftermathes
nachwort epilogue
nacken neck
nacktheit nakedness
nadel needle
nadelbaeume conifers
nadelbaum conifer
nadeln needles
naechte nights
naegel nails
naehe nearness
naeherin seamstress
naeherinnen seamstresses
naehmaschine sewing-machine
naehrmittel nutriments
nagel nail
nagetiere rodents
nahrung nourishment
naht seam
name name
namen names
namensvetter namesake
namensvettern namesakes
narbe scar
narben scars
narkose narcosis
narr fool
narzisse daffodil
narzissen daffodils
nase nose
nasen noses
nasenloch nostril
nasenloecher nostrils
nasenstueber fillip
nation nation
nationalitaet nationality
nationalitaeten nationalities
natter viper
nattern vipers
natuerlichkeit naturalness
natuerlichkeiten naturalnesses
natur nature
naturalist naturalist
naturalisten naturalists
navigation navigation
nebel fog
neben beneath
neben- auxiliary
nebeneinkuenfte perquisites
nebengebaeude outbuilding
nebenhandlung underplot
nebenhandlungen underplots
neffe nephew
neffen nephews
neger blackamoors
negerin negress
negerinnen negresses
neid envy
neigung aptitude
neigungen aptitudes
neopren neoprene
nerv nerve
nervositaet flurry
nervositaeten nervousnesses
nerz mink
nerze minks
nessel nettle
nesseln nettles
nest nest
nettigkeit neatness
netz net
netze nets
netzwerke networks
neuanpassung readjustment
neuanpassungen readjustments
neubooten rebooting
neudefinition redefinition
neuerung denouement
neuerungen innovations
neugierde curiosity
neuheit novelty
neuheiten novelties
neuigkeiten news
neuinstallation reinstalling
neuling greenhorn
neulinge novices
neurose neurosis
neutralitaet neutrality
neutrum neuter
nichtachtung disrespect
nichte niece
nichten nieces
nichtigkeit nullity
nichtigkeiten nullities
nichtraucher nonsmoker
nichtsein nonentities
nichtssein nonentity
nickel nickel
niederlage defeat
niederlagen discomfitures
nippel nipple
nische alcove
nischen alcoves
niveau level
nixe mermaid
nixen mermaids
nocken cam
nockenwelle camshaft
noete hardships
nonnenkloster nunneries
nord north
norden north
not hardship
not- emergency
notar notary
notare notaries
notbefelf makeshift
notbehelfe makeshifts
notizblaetter notepads
notizblatt notepad
notizbuch note-book
notizbuecher notebooks
notizen notices
notizpapier notepaper
notlager shakedown
notwendigkeit necessary
notwendigkeiten necessities
november november
nudel noodle
nudeln noodles
nuechternheit soberness
nuesse nuts
nuetzlichkeit usefulness
null null
nullast no-load
nummer number
nummerierung numeration
nummerierungen numerations
nummern numbers
nuss nut
nussknacker nutcracker
nussschale nutshell
nussschalen nutshells
nut groove
nutte slut
nutten sluts
nutzanwendungen utilizations
nutzbarkeit usability
nutzbarmachung utilization
nutzen profit
nutzlast payload
o-Ring o-seal
oK okay
oTL otl
oase oasis
oasen oases
oberbegriff genus
oberfaechen surfaces
oberflaeche surface
obergrenze ceiling
oberleitungsfahrzeug trolleys
oberlicht skylight
oberteil entablature
objekte objects
obligation bond
obst fruit
obstgarten orchard
obstkuchen fruitcakes
ochse bullock
ochsen oxen
ochsenschwanz oxtail
oefen ovens
oeffner opener
oeffnung aperture
oeffnungen apertures
oel oil
oelkanal oilway
oertlichkeit locality
oertlichkeiten localities
ofen oven
offenbarung disclosure
offenbarungen revelations
offenheit frankness
oh, ohm
ohantome phantoms
ohm ohms
ohnmacht swoon
ohr ear
oktober oct
olive olive
oliven olives
oma granny
onkel uncle
oper opera
operand operand
operanden operands
opern operas
opfer sacrifice
optiker optician
optimierer optimizer
optimierung optimization
optimierungen optimizations
optimismus optimism
optimum optimum
optional optionally
optionen options
orange orange
orchidee orchid
orden medal
ordner formatters
ordnungs- ordinal
organisation organization
organisationen organizations
orgel organ
orgeln organs
orgie orgy
orgien orgies
orientierung orientation
originalitaet originality
ort place
osten east
ostern easter
oszilator oscillator
otter otter
ottern otters
ovale ovals
overlay overlay
oxydation oxidation
ozean ocean
ozon ozone
pGDN pgdn
pGUP pgup
paar couple
paare pairs
pachtzins rent
packend packing
packer packer
packungen packages
paddelboot canoe
paddelboote canoes
paechter tenant
paesse passports
paket parcel
pakete packets
palette pallete
paletten palettes
pampelmuse grapefruit
panne break-down
panther panther
pantoffel clog
pantoffeln clogs
papagei parrot
papageien parrots
papier paper
papiere papers
papierstau jam
pappa dad
pappe pasteboard
paradies paradise
paradiese paradises
paragraphen paragraphs
parameter parameter
parfuem perfume
parfuems perfumes
paritaet parity
park park
partie party
partner mate
partnerschaft partnership
pascal pascal
pass passport
passage passage
passagen passages
passagier passenger
passagiere passengers
passfeder key
passstueck adaptor
passung fit
passwoerter passwords
passwort password
pasten pastes
pasteten pastries
patenkind godchild
patentloesungen nostrums
patin godmother
patrone cartridge
pause pause
pausen recesses
pavian baboon
paviane baboons
peitsche lash
pelikan pelican
pelikane pelicans
pelz fur
pelze furs
pelzjaeger trapper
pensionaer pensionary
pensionaere pensionaries
perforation perforation
perforationen perforations
pergament parchment
periode period
perioden cycles
periodisch periodically
periskop periscope
perle bead
perlen beads
perlmutt nacre
peroenlichkeiten identities
persoenlichkeit personality
persoenlichkeiten personalities
person person
personal staff
personen persons
perspektiven perspectives
peruecke periwig
peruecken periwigs
perversitaet perversity
petersilie parsley
pfad path
pfade paths
pfadfinder scout
pfadname pathname
pfadnamen pathnames
pfand mortgage
pfanne pan
pfannen pans
pfannkuchen pancakes
pfarrer parson
pfeffer pepper
pfefferminz peppermint
pfeglinge nurselings
pfeifer piper
pfeil arrow
pfeile arrows
pfennig penny
pferd horse
pferde horses
pfingsten pentecost
pfirsich peach
pfirsiche peaches
pflanze plant
pflanzung plantation
pflanzungen plantations
pflaster plaster
pflaume plum
pflaumen plums
pflaumenmus plum-jam
pflege nurture
pfleglinge nurslings
pflicht duty
pflichten duties
pflug plough
pfoertner ushers
pfote paw
pfoten paws
pfuetze puddle
pfuetzen puddles
pfund pound
phantasie fancy
phantasien fancies
phantasten visionaries
phantom phantom
phase phase
phasen phases
philosophie philosophy
philosophien philosophies
phosphor phosphor
photo photo
photograf photograph
photografien photos
photokopie photocopy
phrasen phrases
physik physics
physiker physicist
pica pica
picnic picnic
pilger pilgrim
pille pill
pillen pills
pilot pilot
piloten pilots
pilz mushroom
pinguin penguin
pinguine penguins
pins pins
pinzette tweezers
pirat pirate
pistole pistol
pistolen pistols
pistolentasche holster
pistolentaschen holsters
pixel pixel
plaetzchen cookies
plaetze sites
plakat poster
plan blueprint
planer planner
platin platinum
platte plate
platten platters
platz place
platzanweiserin usherette
platzierung placement
plauderei confabulation
plaudertasche chatterbox
plexiglas perspex
plotter plotters
pluederung pillage
pluenderung depredation
pluenderungen depredations
pluesch plush
pocken smallpox
poebel mob
poet poet
pokal goblet
pokale goblets
politik politics
politur polish
polizei police
polizist bobby
polizisten bobbies
portier janitor
portiers janitors
portion serving
portionen servings
porto postage
portrait portrait
portraits portraits
ports ports
porzellan porcelain
posaune trombone
posaunen trombones
position position
positionen positions
post mailing
poster poster
postkarte postcard
postkarten postcards
postkasten mailbox
potpourri medly
potpourries medlies
pracht magnificence
praemie bonus
praemien premiums
praesentation presentation
praesident president
praezedenzfall precedent
praezision precision
praktiken practices
pranger pillory
praxis practice
prediger preacher
predigt sermon
predigten sermons
preis fee
preise prices
preisgestaltung pricing
preisliste price-list
preisrichter jury
preisselbeeren cranberries
presse press
priester priest
primel primrose
primeln primroses
prinz prince
prinzip principle
prisma prism
pritsche slapstick
pritschen slapsticks
probe probe
problem problem
probleme problems
produkt product
produkte products
produktion production
produktivitaet productivity
profil profile
programm program
programme programs
programmierer programmer
projektor projector
prolog prolog
promenade boardwalk
prophet seer
propheten seers
prophezeiung augury
prophezeiungen auguries
prospekt prospectus
protokoll protocol
protokolle protocols
proviant provisions
prozedur procedure
prozeduren procedures
prozent percent
prozentrechnen percentages
prozess litigation
prozesse litigations
prozessor processor
prozessoren processors
prtSc printscreen
pruefstein touchstone
pruefsteine touchstones
pruefung examination
pruefungen examinations
publikationen publications
publikum audience
pudel poodle
puder powder
puenktchen jot
puenktlichkeit punctuality
puff buffet
puffer buffer
pufferinhalt queue
pult console
pulver powder
pumpe pump
punkt dot
punkte points
pupille pupil
puppe doll
puppen dollies
putzfrau charwoman
putzfrauen charwomen
pyramide pyramid
pyramiden pyramids
quacksalberei quackery
quacksalbereien quackeries
quadrant quadrant
quadrat square
qual agony
qualen agonies
qualitaet quality
qualitaeten qualities
qualm fume
quarantaene quarantine
quarkspeise junket
quartett quartet
quartette quartets
quartiermeister quartermaster
quast tassel
quaste tassels
quatsch nonsense
quecksilber mercury
quellen sources
quellgebiete headwaters
querschnitt cross-section
querstrasse cross-road
querstrich slash
quitte quince
quitten quinces
quittung quittance
quittungen quittances
quiz quiz
quote quote
quotient quotient
rEADONLY readonly
rabatt rebate
rabatte rebates
rabbiner rabbis
rabe raven
raben ravens
rache revenge
racker varmint
rad wheel
radar radar
radiergummi eraser
radio radio
radius radius
raedelsfuehrer ringleader
raeder wheels
raender boarders
raetsel enigma
raeuber robber
raeuberei robbery
raeubereien robberies
raeumungen removals
rahmen frame
rakete rocket
raketen rockets
ram ram
ramdisk ramdisk
ramdisks ramdisks
rampe ramp
rampen ramps
rampenlicht footlights
rand boarder
randalierer rioter
range romp
rangen romps
ranke tendril
ranken tendrils
raritaeten curiosities
rasen lawn
rasereien furies
rasierapparat razor
rasierapparate razors
rasieren shave
rasse race
raster graticule
rasterung grating
rasuren shavings
rat advice
raten rates
ratgeber adviser
rathaeuser guildhalls
rathaus guildhall
ratschlag advice
ratte rat
ratten rats
raub rape
rauch reek
raucher smoker
rauheit roughness
rauhheit acerbity
raum room
raupe caterpillar
raupen caterpillars
rausch intoxication
rauschgift drug
rauten lozenges
rautenzeichen hash
rautezeichen lozenge
reaktion reaction
reaktionen reactions
realisierung implementation
realismus realism
realitaeten realities
rebell rebel
rebellen rebels
rechner calculator
rechnung account
rechnungen bills
rechte rights
rechteck rectangle
rechtecke rectangles
rechtfertigung vindication
rechtfertigungen justifications
rechtmaessigkeit legitimacy
rechtsanwaelte barristers
rechtsanwalt barrister
rechtsprechung jurisdiction
rede monologue
redegewandtheit volubility
redegewandtheiten volubilities
redekuenste elocutions
redekunst oratory
reden monologues
redlichkeit probity
redner orator
referenzen references
reflektion reflection
reflektor reflector
reflexionen reflections
reform reform
reformen reformations
regal shelf
regel rule
regelmaessigkeit regularity
regelmaessigkeiten regularities
regeln precepts
regen rain
regenbogen rainbow
regenerator regenerator
regenmaentel mackintoshs
regenmantel mackintosh
regennmaentel raincoats
regenschirm umbrella
regenschirme umbrellas
regierung government
register registers
registrationen registrations
registrierung registering
regler governor
regulierung regulation
regulierungen regulations
reibung friction
reich empire
reichtuemer opulences
reichtum opulence
reif hoarfrost
reife maturity
reifen hoop
reihe rank
reihen rows
reiher heron
reim rhyme
reime rimes
reis rice
reise journey
reisefuehrer guide
reisen voyages
reisende travelers
reisender traveler
reisetasche valise
reisetaschen valises
reisser thriller
reisszwecke thumbtack
reiszwecke thumbtacks
reiter horseman
reiterei cavalry
reitereien cavalries
reitstiefel jackboots
reiz charm
rekenschirm umbrella
reklame advertisement
reklameschoenheit glamour-girl
religion religion
religon religion
renn- racing
reorganisation reorganization
reparatur repair
reperaturwerkstaette repair-shop
repraesentation representation
repressalie reprisal
repressalien reprisals
reproduktion reproduction
reproduktionen reproductions
reptil reptil
reptile reptils
reservierung reservation
reservierungen reservations
resignation resignation
resonanz resonance
resonanzen resonances
rest remainder
restaurant restaurant
restaurierung restoration
reste leavings
resultat result
retter savers
rettich radish
rettiche radishs
rettung rescue
rettungen salvations
rettungsboot lifeboat
rettungsboote lifeboats
rettungsgurt lifebelt
reue penitence
reuse weir
reusen weirs
revision revision
revolution revolution
revolver gat
rezept recipe
rezepte recipes
rhabarber rhubarb
rhetorik elocution
rhythmen rhythms
rhythmus rhythm
richter judge
richtigkeit trueness
richtung direction
richtungen directions
riegel bolt
riemen strap
riese giant
riesenhaftigkeit hugeness
riff reef
riffe reefs
rinde bark
rinden rinds
rindfleisch beef
ring ring
ringbuch loose-leaf
ringkaempfe wrestlings
ringkampf wrestling
rinne groove
rinnsal runlet
rinnsale runlets
rippe rib
rippen ribs
risiken ventures
risiko risk
riss crack
risse crannies
ritt ride
ritterlich knightlily
rittersporn larkspur
ritz cranny
ritzel pinion
rivale rival
rivalen rivals
robben seals
roboter robot
robustheit robustness
rock skirt
roecke skirts
roehre tube
roehren tubes
roentgenbild radiograph
roentgenbilder radiographs
roete redness
roggen rye
rohputz roughcast
rollbahn runway
rolle role
rollen roles
roller scooter
rollschuh roller-skate
rolltreppe escalator
rose rose
rosen roses
rosine raisin
rosinen raisins
rosinenbroetchen buns
rost gridiron
rotation rotation
rotkehlchen redbreast
rotkopf redhead
routine routine
routinen routines
rubrik rubric
ruck flip
ruder oar
ruderer oarsman
ruebe turnip
rueben beets
rueckblick retrospect
ruecken back
rueckfahrkarte return-ticket
rueckfall relapse
rueckfuehrung reduction
rueckgang regression
rueckgrat backbone
rueckgriff fallback
rueckhand backhand
rueckkaeufe redemptions
rueckkauf redemption
rueckkehr returning
rueckkopplung feedback
rueckplatte backplate
rueckschritt regress
rueckschritte regresses
rueckseite backside
rueckseiten backsides
ruecksicht regard
ruecktritt recession
ruecktritte recessions
rueckweisung rejection
rueckzahlung repayment
rueckzahlungen repayments
rueckzuege withdrawals
rueckzug retreat
ruesche quilling
rueschen quillings
ruf fame
rufzeichen callsign
ruhe quiescence
ruhm fame
ruin bane
runddichtung o-seal
runde round
rundfunk broadcast
runzel wrinkle
russland russia
rute rod
ruten rods
sCHWARZ black
saal hall
sabdale sandal
sache matter
sachen things
sack sack
sadismus sadism
saebel sabre
saecke sacks
saefte juices
saege saw
saegespaene sawdust
saegewerk sawmill
saele halls
saemlinge seedlings
saenger singer
saerge coffins
saeugetier mammal
saeugetiere mammals
saeugling nurseling
saeume hems
saeure acid
saeuren acids
safran saffron
saft juice
sahne cream
sahnebonbon toffee
sahnebonbons toffees
salat salad
salate salads
salbe ointment
salben oinments
salbung unction
salbungen unctions
salpeter nitre
salz salt
samen sperm
sammelrohr manifold
sammler collector
sammlung assemblage
sammlungen assemblages
samstag saturday
samstage saturdays
samt velvet
sanatorien sanitariums
sanatorium sanitarium
sand sand
sandalen sandals
sandaletten sneakers
sanduhr hourglas
sanftmut meekness
saphir sapphire
saphire sapphires
sardelle anchovy
sardine sardine
sardinen sardines
sarg coffin
satellit satellite
satelliten satellites
satin sateen
satire satire
satiren satires
satiriker satirist
sattel saddle
satz phrase
satzung statute
satzungen statutes
sauberkeit cleanliness
scale scale
schablone stencil
schablonen stencils
schach chess
schacht duct
schachtel box
schaden damage
schaedel skull
schaeden damages
schaefer shepherd
schaendlichkeit turpitude
schaendlichkeiten turpitudes
schaerfe keenness
schaerfen poignancies
schaerfer sharpener
schaetzung appraisal
schaetzungen estimations
schaetzwerte valuations
schaeume scums
schaf sheep
schafe sheep
schafsfell sheepskin
schafsfelle sheepskins
schaft shank
schakal jackal
schakale jackals
schal scarf
schale bowl
schalen bowls
schall- sonic
schalldaempfer silencer
schallplatte record
schals scarfs
schalter switch
schaltjahr leap-year
schaltkreis circuit
schande disgrace
schar shoal
scharfsinn astuteness
schatten shade
schatz treasure
schatzkammer treasury
schatzkammern treasuries
schauer shower
schauern showers
schaufel shovel
schaufeln shovels
schaum foam
schauplaetze scenes
schauplatz stage
schauspiel spectacle
schauspiele spectacles
schauspieler actor
schauspielerin actress
schauspielhaeuser playhouses
schauspielhaus playhouse
scheck cheque
schecks cheques
scheibe pane
scheiben panes
scheide scabbard
scheiden scabbards
scheidung divorce
scheidungen divorces
schein shine
schein- dummy
scheinwerferlicht headlight
scheinwerferlichter headlights
schellfisch haddock
schelte wigging
schema scheme
schemel stool
schemen schemes
schenkel shank
schere scissors
scherz joke
scherze pleasantries
scheune barn
schicht stratum
schichten layers
schicksal destiny
schicksale destinies
schiebkarre wheel-barrow
schiedsrichter referee
schiene rail
schiessereien shootings
schiff ship
schiffahrt navy
schiffchen shuttle
schiffe ships
schiffs- marine
schiffswerft shipyard
schiffswerften shipyards
schikane chicane
schikanen chicanes
schild shield
schilder shields
schilderung description
schildkroete tortoise
schildkroeten tortoises
schilf reed
schimmer glances
schindel shingle
schindeln shingles
schinken ham
schinkenspeck bacon
schlacht fight
schlachten battles
schlachthaus abattoir
schlacke slag
schlacken slags
schlaege percussions
schlaeger racket
schlaegereien batteries
schlaeuche hoses
schlaf sleep
schlafanzug nightgown
schlafenszeit bedtime
schlaflied lullaby
schlaflieder lullabies
schlaflosigkeit insomnia
schlafplatz roost
schlafstellen roosts
schlafzimmer bedroom
schlag bash
schlagfertigkeit repartee
schlagmann batsman
schlagwoerter catchwords
schlagwort catchword
schlamm mud
schlampe slattern
schlampen slatterns
schlange serpent
schlangen serpents
schlauch hose
schleife loop
schleifstein whetstone
schleifsteine whetstones
schleim mucus
schleuder catapult
schleudern catapults
schliesser turnkey
schlinge noose
schlingen nooses
schlitten skid
schlitz slit
schlitze slits
schloesser castles
schloss castle
schlosser locksmith
schlucht gulch
schluchten gulches
schluck gulp
schluckauf hiccough
schluepfer knickers
schluesse conclusions
schluessel clef
schluesselbein collarbone
schluesselloch keyhole
schluesselloecher keyholes
schluesselwoerter keywords
schluss conclusion
schmalz lard
schmarotzer parasite
schmeichelei taffy
schmeicheleien taffies
schmerotzer parasites
schmerz pain
schmerzen pangs
schmetterling butterfly
schmied blacksmith
schmiede smithy
schmiedeeisernes ironwork
schmieden smithies
schmiedeteil forging
schmierfett grease
schmiermittel lubricant
schmuck trappings
schmutz filth
schnabel beak
schnalle buckle
schnappschuesse snapshots
schnappschuss snapshot
schnauze muzzle
schnauzen muzzles
schnecken snails
schnee snow
schneeball snowball
schneegloeckchen snowdrop
schneestuerme blizzards
schneesturm blizzard
schneider tailor
schnelligkeit promptness
schnellstart quickstart
schnitt snip
schnitte slice
schnittlauch chive
schnittstelle interface
schnitzerei carving
schnoerkel flourish
schnuere cords
schnuersenkel bootlace
schnur cord
schoenheit beauty
schoenheiten beauties
schoenschrift calligraphy
schoepfung creation
schokolade chocolate
schorf scab
schornstein smokestack
schoss lap
schottenrock kilt
schottenroecke kilts
schraege bevel
schraenke lockers
schrank cupboard
schraube screw
schraubenlinie helix
schraubenschluessel spanner
schraubstock vice
schraubzwinge vice
schreck fright
schrecken fright
schrei cry
schreiber clerk
schreibkraft typist
schreibmaschine typewriter
schreibtisch desktop
schreibwaren stationery
schrein shrine
schreine shrines
schreiner carpenter
schrift script
schriftart font
schriftbreite width
schriften scripts
schriftsteller writer
schritt step
schritte gaits
schrumpfung shrinkage
schrumpfungen shrinkages
schub thrust
schubkarre wheelbarrow
schubkarren wheelbarrow
schuechternheit diffidence
schuechternheiten shynesses
schueler disciple
schuelerin schoolgirl
schuelerinnen schoolgirls
schuerze apron
schuerzen aprons
schuesse shots
schuessel dish
schuesseln dishes
schuft rascal
schufte rascals
schuh shoe
schuhanzieher shoehorn
schuhe shoes
schuhputzer shoeblack
schuhwichse shoeblacking
schuld debt
schulden debts
schuldner debtor
schuldschein iou
schule school
schulen schools
schulter shoulder
schultern shoulders
schund shoddy
schuppen dandruff
schurke knave
schurken miscreants
schuss shoot
schuster cobbler
schutt rubbish
schutz protection
schutzentfernung unprotection
schutzgebiet dependency
schutzgebiete dependencies
schwaden swath
schwaeche foible
schwaechen foibles
schwaechling weakling
schwaechlinge weaklings
schwaene swans
schwaenze tails
schwaerme bevies
schwaermer gusher
schwaetzer chatterer
schwalbe swallow
schwalben swallows
schwamm sponge
schwan swan
schwangerschaft pregnancy
schwankung fluctuation
schwanz tail
schwarm bevy
schwefel sulphur
schweigen silence
schwein pig
schweine pigs
schweinerei rascality
schweinereien rascalities
schweinsleder pigskin
schweiss perspiration
schwelle sill
schwellen sills
schwellung bulge
schwere gravity
schwerkraft gravitation
schwermut melancholy
schwert sword
schwerter swords
schwertfisch swordfish
schwester sister
schwestern sisters
schwierigkeit difficulty
schwierigkeiten difficulties
schwindel bogus
schwingungsknoten node
schwungrad flywheel
schwur vow
sebstmord suicide
see sea
see- naval
seele soul
seelen souls
seeleute navigators
seemann navigator
seen lakes
seereise voyage
segel canvas
segelboot sailboat
segelflugzeug glider
segelflugzeuge gliders
segen boon
segler sailer
segment segment
segmente segments
sehne sinew
sehnen sinews
sehnsucht yearning
seide silk
seiden- silk
seidenraupe silkworm
seidenraupen silkworms
seife soap
seil rope
seilbahn ropeway
seile ropes
seite page
seiten pages
seiten-Nummerierung pagination
seitenumbruch pagebreak
seitenumbrueche pagebreaks
seitenweg byway
sekretaer secretary
sekretaere secretaries
sektor sector
sektoren sectors
selbstbedienungsladen groceteria
selbstgefaelligkeit egotism
selbstlosigkeit unselfishness
seligkeit beatitude
sellerie celery
seltenheit curiosity
seltenheiten rarities
seltsamkeit oddity
seltsamkeiten oddities
semikolon semicolon
seminar seminary
seminare seminaries
sender emitter
sendung broadcasting
sendungen missions
senf mustard
sensation sensation
sensationen sensations
sensationsdarsteller stuntman
sense scythe
sensen scythes
sentimentalitaet sentimentality
september sept
sequenzen sequences
seren serums
serien series
serum serum
serviette napkin
servietten napkins
seuche pestilence
seufzen sigh
seufzer sigh
shareware shareware
sichel sickle
sicheln sickles
sicherer saver
sicherheit certainty
sicherheiten certainties
sichtbarkeit visibility
sichtbarmachung visualize
sichtvermerk visa
sichtvermerke visas
sichtweiten visibilities
sie they
sieb sieve
siedler settler
siedlung colony
siedlungen colonies
sieg victory
siege victories
siegel seal
sieger victor
sieselbst yourself
signal signal
silbe syllable
silben syllables
silbentrennung hyphenation
silber silver
simulation simulation
sinn sense
sinus sine
sippe clan
sippen clans
sirene siren
sirenen sirens
sirup molasses
sitte custom
situationen situations
sitz fit
sitzbank bench
sitze seats
sitzplatz seat
sitzung session
sitzungen sessions
skandal scandal
skandale scandals
skelett skeleton
skelette skeletons
skeptiker sceptic
ski ski
skilaeufer skier
sklave drudge
sklaven drudges
sklaverei bondage
sklavereien servitudes
skrupel scruple
skulptur sculpture
skulpturen sculptures
smaragd emerald
smaragde emeralds
smoking tuxedo
smokings tuxedos
socke sock
sockel pedestal
socken socks
soehne sons
sofa settee
sofas settees
software software
sog suction
sohlen soles
sohn son
soldat soldier
soldaten soldiers
solist soloist
solisten soloists
solo standalone
sommer summer
sommerfrische summer-resort
sommersprosse freckle
sommersprossen freckles
sommerwende midsummer
sonne sun
sonnen- solar
sonnenaufgang sunrise
sonnenfleck sunspot
sonnenschirm parasol
sonnenschirme parasols
sonnenstand sunset
sonnenstich sunstroke
sonnenstrahl sunbeam
sonnenstrahlen sunbeams
sonnenuntergaenge sunsets
sonnenuntergang sundown
sonntag sunday
sorge care
sorgen headaches
sorglosigkeit carelessness
sortiment assortment
sortimente assortments
sosse sauce
sossen dressings
sozialhilfe welfare
sozialhilfeempfaenger pauper
spaesse sprees
spalte chink
spalten columns
spaltung fission
spaltungen fissions
spanien spain
spanier spaniard
spannung tension
spannungen tensions
sparbuch bankbook
sparbuecher passbooks
spargel asparagus
sparsamkeit thrift
sparsamkeiten thrifts
spass fun
spassvogel joker
spaten spade
spatz sparrow
spatzen sparrows
spaziergang walk
spechte woodpeckers
speckschnitten rashers
spediteur remover
spediteure removers
speer javelin
speere javelins
speichel saliva
speicher loft
speicherung storage
speicherungen storages
speicherzelle cell
speise food
speiseeis ice-cream
speisezimmer dining-room
spende dole
spenden bounties
sperre barrier
sperrung inhibition
spezifikation specification
spezifikationen specifications
spiegel mirror
spiegelnd mirroring
spiel clearance
spiele games
spieler players
spielfeld field
spielgefaehrte playfellow
spielgefaehrten playfellows
spielplaetze playgrounds
spielplatz playground
spielsachen toys
spielzeug plaything
spielzeuge playthings
spinat spinach
spindel arbor
spindeln spindles
spinne spider
spinnen spiders
spinnengewebe cobweb
spinner madcaps
spinngewebe cobweb
spirale helix
spitze peak
spitzen peaks
spitzname nickname
spitznamen nicknames
spleene spleens
splitter shiver
spoetterei raillery
spoettereien railleries
sport sport
sportkegeln skittle
sportwagen roadster
spott jeer
sprache language
sprachen languages
sprecher speaker
sprechstunde consultation-hour
spreu chaff
sprichwort proverb
sprichworte proverbs
spross scion
sprosse scions
sprotte sprat
sprotten sprats
spruch verdict
sprueche verdicts
sprung jump
spuelkueche scullery
spuelkuechen sculleries
spueltisch sink
spuersinn flair
spuk spook
spule bobbin
spulen bobbins
spur trace
spuren traces
staatsangehoeriger national
staatsangehoerigkeit nationality
stab baton
stachelschwein porcupine
stachelschweine porcupines
stadt city
stadt- urban
stadtbezirk municipality
stadtgraben moat
stadtgraeben moats
staebe batons
staedte cities
staedter townsfolk
staemme tribes
staendchen serenade
staender pillar
staerke strength
stahl steel
stall stable
stallung mews
stamm tribe
stammbaeume pedigrees
stammbaum pedigree
stand stall
standpunkt standpoind
standpunkte standpoints
stanniol tinfoil
stapel stack
star starling
stare starlings
start start
startzeile startline
station station
stationen stages
staub dust
staubsauger hoover
staudaemme barrages
stauwasser backwater
steckmodul cartidge
steg web
steig- upstream
steigerung escalation
steigerungen escalations
steigung acclivity
steigungen acclivities
stein stone
steine stones
steingut stoneware
stell- servo-
stelle digit
stellen locations
stellung posture
stellungen postures
stelze stilt
stelzen stilts
stenotypistinnen typists
stepptanz tapdance
sterbeanzeige obituary
sterbeanzeigen obituaries
sterblichkeit mortality
stern asterisk
sterne asterisks
sternen- starry
sternenlicht starlight
sternenlichter starlights
sternwarte observatory
sternwarten observatories
steuerrad steering-wheel
steuerung steerage
steuerungen steerages
steuerzahler taxpayer
stich twinge
stiche twinges
stichelei quip
sticheleien quips
stickstoff nitrogen
stiefel boot
stiel handle
stiele helves
stier bull
stiere bulls
stift pin
stifte pencils
stiftschraube stud
stil style
stille stillness
stillstand standstill
stimme voice
stimmen voices
stimmung mood
stirn forehead
stirnhaar forelock
stock cane
stockungen deadlocks
stockwerke storeys
stoepsel peg
stoerche storks
stoerung disturbance
stoerungen disturbances
stoesse hitches
stoessel tappet
stoff stuff
stoffhaendler mercer
stolz haughtiness
stomerzeuger generator
stoppel stubble
stoppeln stubbles
storch stork
stoss brunt
stossstange bumper
straehne skein
straehnen skeins
straende seasides
straeusse bouquets
straf- penal
strafe penalty
strafen penalties
strahlen spouts
strahlung radiation
strand beach
strandgut waif
strasse avenue
strassenbahn tram
strassenbahnen tramways
strassenkehrer scavenger
strauch shrub
strauss bouquet
streich escapade
streichholzschachtel matchbox
streichorchester stringband
streifen streak
streik strike
streit moot
strenge rigor
strick halter
stricke halters
strickzeug knitting
strieme wale
striemen wales
stroh straw
strolch hoodlum
strolche hoodlums
strom current
struempfe nylons
struktur structure
strukturen structures
strumpf stocking
strumpfbaender garters
strumpfband garter
student student
studenten students
stueck peace
stueckchen shred
stuecke bites
stuehle chairs
stuempfe stubs
stuerme gales
stuetze prop
stufe degree
stufen levels
stuhl chair
stummel snag
stumpf stub
stunde hour
stunden hours
stundenplan time-table
sturheit obstinacy
sturm gale
sturzflut torrent
sturzfluten torrents
stute mare
stuten mares
subjekt subject
substantiv noun
sucher seeker
suechtige addicts
suechtiger addict
sueden south
suehne atonement
suempfe marshes
suende sin
suenden sins
suendenbock scapegoat
suendenboecke scapegoats
suender sinner
suessigkeiten sweets
suffix suffix
summe sum
summen totals
summer buzzer
sumpf marsh
supermaerkte supermarkets
supermarkt supermarket
suppe soup
suppen soups
symbol symbol
symbole symbols
syntax syntax
syrup syrup
system system
systeme systems
szene scene
szenerie scenery
szenerien sceneries
tabak tabacco
tabakhaendler tobacconist
tabelle table
tablett tray
tabu taboo
tabulatoren tabs
tabus taboos
tadel animadversions
taefelung wainscot
taefelungen wainscots
taeler dales
taenzer dancer
taeter offender
taetigkeit agitation
taetigkeiten agitations
taeuschung deception
taeuschungen deceits
tafel blackboard
tafelsilber silverware
tag day
tage days
tagebuch diary
tagebuecher diaries
tagesanbruch daybreak
tagesereignisse current-events
tageslicht daylight
tageszeit daytime
taifun typhoon
taifune typhoons
taille bodice
taillen waists
takt tact
takterzeugung clocking
taktik tactics
tal dale
talent talent
tang seaweed
tangente tangent
tank tank
tannen firs
tante aunt
tanten aunts
tanz dance
tapete wallpaper
tapeten wallpapers
tapferkeit bravery
tapferkeiten valors
tarif tariff
tarife tariffs
tarnung camouflage
tasche pocket
taschenbuch paperback
taschenbuecher paperbacks
taschendieb pickpocket
taschendiebe pickpockets
taschenfeuerzeug lighter
taschenmesser penknife
taschentuch handkerchief
taschenuhr watch
tasse cup
tassen cups
tastatur keyboard
tastaturen keyboards
taste bar
tasten buttons
tastenanschlag keystroke
tastencodes keycodes
tastendruecke keystrokes
tastenname keyname
tat deed
taten deeds
tatkraft energy
tatsache fact
tatsachen facts
taube dove
tauben doves
tauchkolben plunger
taufen baptisms
taugenichts scapegrace
taugenichtse scapegraces
tauglichkeit fitness
tausendfuessler millepede
taxen cabs
taxi cab
taxifahrer cabman
techniker technician
technisch technically
technologie technology
technologieen technologies
tee teas
teegebaeck muffins
teekanne teapot
teekannen teapots
teer tar
teetasse teacup
teetassen teacups
teich hamlet
teiche hamlets
teig dough
teil part
teilbereich partition
teile members
teilhaber partner
teilnahme participation
teilnahmen participations
teilnehmer participant
telefon phone
telefone telephones
telefonzelle callbox
telegraf telegraph
telegrafen telegraphs
telegrafie telegraphy
telegramm telegram
telegramme telegrams
teleobjektiv telephoto
telephon telephone
television television
teller plate
tempel temple
temperament temperament
temperamente temperaments
temperatur temperature
temperaturen temperatures
tendenz tendency
tendenzen tendances
tennis tennis
tenor tenor
teppich carpet
teppiche carpets
termin deadlineletzter
terminal terminal
terminals terminals
terminologie terminology
terpentin turpentine
terrasse terrace
terrassen terraces
terrine tureen
terrinen tureens
territorien territories
test test
tester tester
teufel demon
teufelchen imp
teufelei devilry
teufeleien devilries
text text
texte texts
textfarbe textcolor
textfile textfile
textil- textile
textilien textiles
textverarbeitung wordprocessing
textverarbeitungen wordprocessors
theater theater
thema theme
themen themes
theologe theologian
theologen theologians
theologie theology
theorie theory
theorien theories
thermal- thermal
thermometer thermometer
thermos- thermos
thron throne
throne thrones
thunfisch tunny
thunfische tunas
tiefe deepness
tiefen depths
tiefland lowland
tier animal
tieraerzte vets
tierarzt vet
tiere animals
tiger tiger
tigerin tigress
tigerinnen tigresses
tilgung acquittance
timer timer
tinktur tincture
tinkturen tinctures
tinte ink
tintenfisch octopus
tips tips
tisch desk
tischler joiner
tischtuch table-cloth
titel captions
tochter daughter
tochtergesellschaft subsidiary
tod death
toechter daughters
toelpel boobies
toene chimes
toepfer crocker
toerchen wicket
toilette toilet
toiletten toilets
toll! wow
tollhaeuser bedlams
tollhaus bedlam
tomate tomato
tomaten tomatoes
ton sound
tonband tape
tonne ton
tonnen tons
topf pot
tor gate
tore gates
tornado tornado
tornados tornados
tornister knapsack
torte pie
torten pies
tortenfuellung mincemeat
totenglocke knell
totenglocken knells
totschlaeger killer
totschlag homicide
tour tour
touren tours
tourist sightseer
touristen sightseers
tracht livery
trachten liveries
tradition tradition
traditionen traditions
traeger bearer
traegheit idleness
traene tear
traenen tears
traeumer dreamer
traeumerei reverie
traeumereien reveries
tragbahre stretcher
tragbahren stretchers
tragbarkeit portability
tragen barrows
tragoedie tragedy
tragoedien tragedies
trainer trainers
trance trance
transaktion transaction
transistoren transistors
transport transportation
trapez trapeze
traubenzucker glucose
trauerfeier obsequies
traum dream
traumbild vision
traurigkeit sadness
traversal traversal
travestie travesty
travestien travesties
treffen meeting
treiber driver
treibsand quicksand
trennung detachment
trennungen detachments
treppe stair
treppen stairs
treppengelaender banisters
tretmuehle treadmill
treue fidelity
treulosigkeit infidelity
treulosigkeiten infidelities
tribuene tribune
tribuenen tribunes
trichter funnel
trick dodge
tricks artifices
trikot tights
trillion trillion
trilogie trilogy
trinker drunkard
trinkgeld gratuity
tritt kick
trittbrett footboard
triumph triumph
triumph- triumphal
troedelei dalliance
troedeleien dalliances
troedelladen junk-shop
troege hods
trog hod
trommel drum
trompete trumpet
trompeten trumpets
trophaee trophy
trophaeen trophies
trost consolation
trott trot
trottel dolt
trueffel truffles
truemmer wreckage
truempfe trumps
trugbild phantasm
trugbilder phantasms
trumpf trump
trunkenbold sot
trunkenbolde sots
truppe squad
truppen squads
truthaehne turkeys
truthahn turkey
tuch cloth
tuechtigkeit efficiency
tuellen beaks
tuemmler tumbler
tuenche whitewash
tuer door
tueren doors
tuerke turk
tuerken turks
tuermchen turret
tuerme towers
tuete paper-bag
tueten paperbags
tugend virtue
tugendbold prig
tugendbolde prigs
tulpe tulip
tulpen tulips
tumor tumor
tumore tumors
tumult hubbub
tumulte riots
tunfisch tuna
tunnel tunnel
turbine turbine
turbinen turbines
turbo turbo
turbolader turbocharger
turm tower
turnier tournament
turniere tournaments
typenraddrucker daisywheel
tyrann tyrant
tyrannen tyrants
uebelkeit nausea
uebeltaeter malefactor
uebeltat misdeed
uebeltaten misdeeds
ueberarbeitungen revisions
ueberblick overview
ueberdachung canopy
ueberdachungen canopies
uebereinstimmung accord
uebereinstimmungen accordances
ueberfall raid
ueberfluesse exuberances
ueberfluss abundance
ueberfuehrung viaduct
ueberfuehrungen viaducts
uebergaenge transitions
uebergang transit
uebergewicht overweight
uebergroesse kingsize
ueberheblichkeit arrogance
ueberheblichkeiten arrogances
ueberlagerung heterodyn
ueberlast overload
ueberlastung congestion
ueberlauf overflow
ueberleben viability
ueberlegenheit transcendence
ueberlegenheiten transcendences
ueberlegung deliberation
ueberlegungen deliberations
ueberlieferungen deliverances
uebermittler transmitters
ueberpruefung review
ueberraschung emergency
ueberraschungen emergencies
uebersaettigung surfeit
uebersaettigungen surfeits
ueberschall- supersonic
ueberschreiben overwrite
ueberschrift caption
ueberschriften headings
ueberschuesse overplusses
ueberschuss excess
uebersendung consignment
uebersendungen consignments
uebersetzer translators
uebersetzt translates
uebersetzung transformation
uebersetzungen translations
uebersicht digest
uebersichten synopses
ueberspanntheit extravagance
ueberspanntheiten extravagances
uebertragung transfer
uebertreibung overstatement
uebertreibungen overstatements
uebertretung transgression
uebertretungen transgressions
ueberwachung survey
ueberzuege casings
ueberzug casing
uebung exercise
uebungen exercises
uenbekuemmertheit unconcern
ufer bank
uferstrassen quays
uhr clock
uhren timepieces
uhrfeder mainspring
uhrfedern mainsprings
ulk josh
ulme elm
ulmen elms
ultimatum ultimatum
ultra- ultra
umarmung hug
umbenennung renaming
umbruch upheavel
umbrueche upheavels
umdrehung revolution
umdrehungen rotations
umerziehung reeducation
umerziehungen reeducations
umfang complexity
umgebung environment
umgebungen environments
umgebungs- ambient
umgehung bypass
umgehungen evasions
umhaenge capes
umhang cape
umkehrung reversal
umkehrungen reversals
umlaeufe currencies
umlauf circulation
umlaufbahn orbit
umlaufbahnen orbits
umleitung diversion
umleitungen redirections
umriss contour
umrisse contours
umsaetze turnovers
umsatz turnover
umschwuenge revulsions
umschwung revulsion
umsetzung conversion
umstaende circumstances
umstand circumstance
umstellung changeover
umwandlung commutation
umwandlungen commutations
umweg detour
umwege detours
umwelt environment
unabhaengigkeit independence
unannehmlichkeit unpleasantness
unanstaendigkeit indecency
unanstaendigkeiten indecencies
unbegrenzt unlimited
unbehagen discomfort
unbekannt unknown
unbekuemmertheiten unconcerns
unbeliebtheit unpopularity
unbesonnenheit temerity
unbesonnenheiten temerities
undankbarkeit ingratitude
unendlichkeiten infinities
unentschiedenheit abeyance
unerfahrenheit inexperience
unerfahrenheiten inexperiences
unerwartet unexpected
unfaehigkeit disability
unfaehigkeiten disabilities
unfaelle accidents
unfall accident
unfug mischief
ungeduld impatience
ungeheuer monster
ungeheuerlichkeit monstrosity
ungeheuerlichkeiten monstrosities
ungehoerigkeit impropriety
ungehoerigkeiten improprieties
ungehorsam disobedience
ungenauigkeiten inaccuracies
ungenuegend insufficient
ungerechtigkeit iniquity
ungerechtigkeiten iniquities
ungestuem vehemence
ungeziefer vermin
unglaube unbelief
ungleichheit disparity
ungleichheiten disparities
ungleichmaessigkeit inequality
ungleichmaessigkeiten inequalities
unglueck calamity
ungluecke calamities
ungluecksbringer hoodoo
unheil mischief
unhoeflichkeit discourtesy
unigelaende campus
universitaet university
universitaeten universities
unklarheit blur
unkraut weed
unmaessigkeit intemperance
unmaessigkeiten intemperances
unmoeglichkeit impossibility
unordnung disorder
unredlichkeit dishonesty
unruhe fidget
unruhen riot
unschuld innocence
unsicherheit uncertainty
unsicherheiten uncertainties
unsinn hooey
unsinn! rats!
unsterblichkeit immortality
unstimmigkeit disagreement
unstimmigkeiten disagreements
untaetigkeit inactivity
untaetigkeiten inactivities
untat malpractice
untaten malpractices
unter- nether
unteraufgabe subtask
unteraufgaben subtasks
unterbewertung understatement
unterbrechung intermission
unterbrechungen intermissions
unterdrueckung depression
unterdrueckungen oppressions
unterernaehrung malnutrition
unterfuehrung subway
unterfuehrungen subways
unterfunktion subfunction
unterfunktionen subfunctions
untergeordnete underling
untergeschoss basement
untergrund underground
untergrund- undergruond
unterhaendler negotiator
unterhalt livelihood
unterhaltung amusement
unterhaltungen amusements
unterhaltungsaufwand upkeep
unterhaltungskosten upkeeps
unterhemd singlet
unterholz underbrush
unterkunft lodging
unterlage pad
unterlegene underdogs
unterlegener underdog
unterlegscheibe washer
unterleib abdomen
unterlizenz sublicense
untermenues submenus
unternehmen company
unternehmungen transactions
unterredung interlocution
unterredungen interlocutions
unterricht tuition
unterrichtungen tuitions
unterroutine subroutine
unterroutinen subroutines
unterscheidung discrimination
unterschied difference
unterschiede differences
unterschlagung defalcation
unterschlagungen defalcations
unterschrift signature
unterschriften signatures
untersetzung reduction
untersucher investigator
untersuchte researched
untersuchung inquest
untersuchungen analysis
untertasse saucer
untertassen saucers
unterteilung subdivision
unterteilungen subdivisons
unterwaesche lingerie
unterwerfung submission
unterwerfungen submissions
unterzeichner signer
untreue perfidy
unvereinbarkeit inconsistency
unvergleichliche nonpareil
unverschaemtheit impertinence
unverschaemtheiten impertinences
unvertraeglichkeit incompatibility
unwetter thunder-storm
unwissenheit ignorance
unzufriedenheit discontent
uran uranium
urheber initiator
urheberschaft authorship
urkunde document
urlaub exeat
urlauber vacationist
urne urn
urnen urns
ursache causale
ursachen causales
urspruenge origins
ursprung genesis
urteil judgement
urteile judgements
utilities utilities
vakuum vacuum
vamp vamp
vampir vampire
vampire vampires
vanille vanilla
variable variable
variablenname variablename
variation variation
variationen variations
variete vaudeville
varietes vaudevilles
vase vase
vasen vases
vater father
vaterschaft fatherhood
veantwortlichkeit responsibility
vegetarier vegetarian
veilchen violets
vektor vector
vektoren vectors
ventil valve
ventilation ventilation
ventilator ventilator
ventilatoren ventilators
ventile valves
verabredung agreement
verabredungen assignations
verachtung contempt
verachtungen contempts
veraenderlichkeit variability
veraenderung mutation
veraenderungen mutations
veranlassung inducement
veranlassungen inducements
verantwortlichkeit liability
verb verb
verband bandage
verbannung banishment
verben verbs
verbesserung betterment
verbesserungen betterments
verbiegung deflection
verbinden connecting
verbinder connectors
verbindung chaining
verbindungen bonds
verbindungspunkt juncture
verbindungspunkte junctures
verbindungsstueck link
verbot ban
verbote bans
verbrauch consumption
verbraucher consumer
verbrechen crime
verbrecher felon
verbreitung propagation
verbrennung combustion
verbrennungen combustions
verbuendeter ally
verdacht suspicion
verdaechtigungen suspicions
verdauungsstoerung indigestion
verdauungsstoerungen indigestions
verderben perdition
verdichtung condensation
verdichtungen condensations
verdienst merit
verdienste merits
verdrehung contortion
verdrehungen contortions
verehrer worshipper
verehrung veneration
verehrungen venerations
vereinbarung acknowledge
vereinbarungen agreements
vereine clubs
vereinfachung simplification
vereinheitlichung unification
vereinheitlichungen unifications
vereinigte federal
vereinigung coalition
vereinigungen associations
verfall decadence
verfeinerung refinement
verfeinerungen refinements
verfolger follower
verfolgung chase
verfolgungen pursuances
verfuehrung seduction
verfuehrungen seductions
vergaser carburettor
vergebung remission
vergebungen pardons
vergehen misdoing
vergeltung requital
vergeltungen retributions
vergeltungpn requitals
vergessenheit oblivion
vergessenheiten oblivions
vergleich comparison
vergleiche comparisons
vergnuegen pleasure
vergoldungen gilts
vergroesserung augment
vergroesserungen augmentations
verguetung salary
verguetungen emoluments
verhaeltnis ratio
verhaeltnisse ratios
verhaengnis fate
verhalten behavior
verhandlung negotiation
verhandlungen negotiations
verhindert disables
verhuetung prevention
verirrungen aberrations
verkabelung cabling
verkaeufe sales
verkaeufer seller
verkaeuferin saleswoman
verkaeuferinnen saleswomen
verkauf sale
verkehr traffic
verkehrtheit perversities
verkleidung facing
verkleigungen facings
verknuepfer linker
verknuepfung linkage
verkrustung incrustation
verkrustungen incrustations
verlaesslichkeiten tenacities
verlassen quitting
verlegenheit embarrassment
verletzung breach
verletzungen violations
verleugnung abnegation
verleumdung calumniation
verleumdungen calumniations
verlobung betrothal
verlockung enticement
verlust losing
verluste losses
vermaechtnis bequests
vermaechtnisse legacies
vermieter landlord
vermieterin landlady
verminderung decrement
vermittler mediator
vermittlung mediation
vermittlungen mediations
vermutung conjecture
vermutungen presumptions
verneinungen denials
vernunft rationality
veroeffentlichung publication
verordnung ordinance
verordnungen ordinances
verpflegung catering
verpflichtung commitment
verpflichtungen liabilities
verraeter traitor
verrat treacheries
verringerung abatement
verruecktheit folly
verruecktheiten follies
vers verse
versammlung congregation
versammlungen congregations
versand dispatch
versandt shipping
verschachtelung nesting
verschiedenheiten diversities
verschleierung blur
verschluesse closures
verschluss closure
verschmelzung confusion
verschoenerungen embellishments
verschwendung dissipation
verschwiegenheit discretion
verschwinden disappearance
verschwoerer conspirator
verschwoerung conspiracy
verschwoerungen conspiracies
verseuchung contamination
verseuchungen contaminations
versicherer underwriter
versicherung assurance
versicherungen assurances
version version
versionen versions
verspottung derision
versprechen promise
verstaendnis understanding
verstaerker amplifier
verstaerkung reinforcement
verstaerkungen reinforcements
verstand brain
versteck hiding-place
verstecken encryption
verstellung disguise
verstellungen feints
verstopfung constipation
verstopfungen constipations
verstuemmelung mutilation
versuch attempt
versuche trials
versuchs- tentative
versuchung temptation
versuchungen temptations
verteidiger pleader
verteidigung defence
verteidigungen defenses
verteiler distributors
verteilung apportionment
vertraege contracts
vertrag agreement
vertrauen confidence
vertrautheit familiarity
vertretung representation
verurteilung condemnation
verurteilungen damnations
vervielfaeltigend multiplying
vervielfaeltigung duplication
vervollstaendigung integration
verwalter administrator
verwaltung administration
verwandschaft affinity
verwandschaften kins
verwandte relatives
verwandter kinsman
verwandtschaft kinship
verweigert denied
verweis animadversion
verwendung usage
verwicklung entanglement
verwicklungen entanglements
verwirklichung realization
verwirklichungen realizations
verwirrung confusion
verwirrungen confusions
verwuestung desolation
verwuestungen desolations
verzeichnis index
verzeichnisse schedules
verzeihung forgiveness
verzeihung! sorry!
verzicht renunciation
verzierung ornament
verzierungen ornaments
verzoegerung delay
verzweifelung desperation
verzweiflung despair
verzweigung fork
verzweigungen ramifications
veteranen veterans
video video
vieh cattle
vieleck polygon
vielecke polygons
vielfalt diversity
vielfrass glutton
vielzahl plurality
viereck quadrangle
vierecke quadrangles
vierfuessler quadruped
vierlinge quadruplets
viertel quarter
villa mansion
villen mansions
violine violin
virtuositaet virtuosity
virtuositaeten virtuosities
virus virus
visionen visions
vitalitaet vigor
vitalitaeten vitalities
vitamin vitamin
vitamine vitamines
voegel birds
voertraege recitals
vogel bird
vogelscheuche scarecrow
vokabel vocabulary
vokal vowel
vokale vowels
volk people
vollblueter thoroughbred
vollstaendigkeit completeness
volt volt
vorabend eve
voraussetzung supposition
voraussetzungen suppositions
voraussicht foresight
vorbedacht forethought
vorbereitend preparing
vorbereitung preparation
vorbereitungen preparations
vorbild paragon
vorbilder paragons
vorderbein foreleg
vordergrund foreground
vorderseite front
voreingenommenheit harm
vorenthaltung detention
vorenthaltungen detentions
vorfahr ancestor
vorfahren ancestors
vorfall event
vorgaben defaults
vorgaenger predecessor
vorgang process
vorgehensweise strategy
vorgeschmack foretaste
vorhaenge curtains
vorhaengeschloesser padlocks
vorhaengeschloss padlock
vorhang curtain
vorherrschaft dominance
vorhersage prediction
vorhersagen predictions
vorhut vanguard
vorkehrungen provisions
vorkommen incidence
vorladung citation
vorladungen citations
vorlaeufer precursor
vorlage pattern
vorliebe affectation
vorlieben affectations
vormittag forenoon
vormundschaft tutelage
vormundschaften tutelages
vorname firstname
vorraenge primacies
vorraete hoards
vorraeume vestibules
vorrang precedence
vorrat hoard
vorratskammer pantry
vorratskammern pantries
vorraum vestibule
vorrecht privilege
vorrichtung appliance
vorrichtungen appliances
vorschau preview
vorschauen prewievs
vorschlaege proposals
vorschlag proposal
vorschrift precept
vorschriften prescriptions
vorsicht attention
vorsichtsmassnahme caveat
vorsichtsmassnahmen caveats
vorsichtsmassregeln cautions
vorsilbe prefix
vorsitz presidency
vorsitzender chairman
vorsorge precaution
vorsorgen precautions
vorspann leader
vorspiel prelude
vorspiele preludes
vorstadt suburb
vorstaedte suburbs
vorstellung association
vorstellungen beliefs
vorstoss thrust
vortaeuschung pretence
vortaeuschungen pretences
vorteil advantage
vorteile advantages
vortraege recitations
vortrag recital
vortragssaal lyceum
vortragssaele lyceums
vortrefflichkeit excellence
vortrupps vanguards
voruebergehender passer-by
vorurteil preconception
vorurteile prejudices
vorwahlen prefixes
vorwegnahme anticipation
vorwort preface
vorwuerfe reprovals
vorwurf reproach
vorzuege preferences
vorzug preference
vulkan volcano
vulkane volcanoes
wabe honeycomb
waben honeycombs
wache sentinel
wachen sentinels
wachhund watchdog
wachhunde watchdogs
wachs wax
wachsamkeit vigilance
wachsamkeiten vigilances
wachstuch oilcloth
wachstum adolescence
wachtel quail
wachteln quails
waechter watchman
waehler dialer
waelder forests
waende walls
waerme caloric
waerter caretaker
waesche washings
waescheklammer clothespin
waescheklammern clothespins
waescher washer
waescherei laundry
waeschereien laundries
waescherin laundress
waescherinnen laundresses
waffe weapon
waffel wafer
waffeln waffles
waffen arms
wagen cars
wagenvorschub carriage
waggon waggon
waggons waggons
wahl choice
wahlen elections
wahlmoeglichkeit option
wahlwiederholung redialing
wahlzettel ballots
wahnsinn frenzy
wahnsinnige madmen
wahnsinniger madman
wahrheit truth
wahrnehmung perception
wahrscheinlichkeit likelihood
wahrscheinlichkeiten probabilities
wahrscheinlichkeitt verisimilitude
wahrzeichen emblem
waise orphan
waisen orphans
waisenhaeuser orphanages
waisenhaus orphanage
wal whale
wald forest
waldhoerner bugles
waldhorn bugle
wale whales
walfaenge whalings
walfaenger whaler
walfang whaling
wall rampart
walle ramparts
walnuesse walnuts
walnuss walnut
walroesser walrusses
walross walrus
walzer waltz
wand wall
wandel vicissitude
wanderer rambler
wanderschaft peregrination
wanderschaften peregrinations
wanderung migration
wanderungen migrations
wankelmut fickleness
ware commodity
waren commodities
warneinrichtung alarm
warnung warning
warnungen premonitions
wartezeit latency
wartungen maintenances
warum why
warze wart
warzen warts
waschbaer racoon
waschlappen washrag
waschraeume lavatories
waschraum lavatory
waschsalon laundrette
waschsalons laundrettes
wasser water
wasserfaelle cascades
wasserfall cascade
wasserfarbe watercolor
wasserfarben watercolors
wasserflugzeug hydroplane
wasserflugzeuge hydroplanes
wasserleitung aqueduct
wasserleitungen aqueducts
wassermelone watermelon
wassermelonen watermelons
wasserscheu hydrophobia
wasserwerke waterworks
watt watts
wattierungen waddings
weber weaver
wechselbeziehung inter-relation
wechselfaelle vicissitudes
wechselstromgenerator alternator
weg road
wege lanes
wegraender waysides
wegrand wayside
wegweiser signpost
weiblichkeit womanhood
weichlich mollycoddle
weichling milksop
weichlinge milksops
weide pasture
weiden pastures
weiden- wicker
weigerung refusal
weihnachten christmas
weihnachtslied carol
weihnachtslieder carols
weile while
weilen whiles
wein wine
weinberg vineyard
weinberge vineyards
weine wines
weinlese vintage
weinlesen vintages
weintraube grape
weintrauben grapes
weise manner
weisen manners
weisheit wisdom
weisheiten wisdoms
weisse whiteness
weizen wheat
wellblechhuette quonset
wellblechhuetten quonsets
welle billow
wellen billows
wellenanlage shafting
wellenform undulation
wellenformen undulations
wellensittich budgerigar
welpe whelp
welpen whelps
welt world
welten worlds
werkstaetten workshops
werkstatt workshop
werktag workday
werktage workdays
werkzeug tool
werkzeuge tools
wert defaultvorgegebene
werte values
wertigkeit valency
wertlosigkeiten trinkets
wertsachen valuables
wesen entity
wespe wasp
wespen wasps
weste vest
westen occident
wettbewerb competition
wettbewerbe contentions
wette bet
wetten bets
wetter weather
wetterfahne vane
wetterfahnen vanes
wetterkunde meteorology
wettkampf contest
wettstreit contention
wichtigkeit importance
wideraufnahmen resumptions
widerlegung disproof
widerlegungen disproofs
widerruf revocation
widerspruch contradiction
widersprueche contradictions
widerstaende resistors
widerstand resistance
widerstandsfaehigkeit hardiness
widerstreben reluctance
widerwille distaste
widmung dedication
widmungen dedications
wie how
wiederannaeherung rapprochement
wiederannaeherungen rapprochements
wiederaufbau reconstruction
wiederaufnahme resumption
wiederbelebung revival
wiedereintritt reentry
wiedergabe rendition
wiedergaben renditions
wiederherstellung recovery
wiederholung iteration
wiederholungen iterations
wiedervereinigung reunification
wiedervereinigungen reunifications
wiege cradle
wiegen cradles
wiese meadow
wiesel weasel
wiesen meadows
wildbret venison
wildcard wildcard
wildcards wildcards
wilddieb poacher
wilddiebe poachers
wildheit ferocity
wildhueter gamekeeper
wildnis wilderness
wildnisse wildernesses
wille volition
willenskraefte volitions
willigkeit willingness
willkuer arbitrariness
wimper eyelash
wimpern cilia
wind wind
winde windlass
windel nappy
windeln nappies
winden windlasses
windhund greyhound
windmuehle windmill
windmuehlen windmills
windowing windowing
windungen windings
winkel angle
winter winter
wir we
wirbel vertebra
wirbelstuerme cyclones
wirbelsturm cyclone
wirbelwind whirlwind
wirbelwinde whirlwinds
wirklich truly
wirklichkeit reality
wirklichkeiten truthes
wirksamkeit effectiveness
wirksamkeiten efficacies
wirkung effect
wirkungen efficiencies
wirkungsgrad efficiency
wirrwar clutter
wirrwarr muss
wirt host
wirte hosts
wirtin hostess
wisch wisp
wissenschaft science
wissenschaften sciences
wissenschaftler scientist
witterungen weathers
witwe relict
witwen relicts
witwer widower
witz gag
witzbold buffoon
witzbolde buffoons
witze gags
woche week
wochen weeks
wochenende week-end
woelfe wolves
woerter words
woerterbuch glossary
woerterbuecher dictionaries
woerterverzeichnisse vocabularies
wohl weal
wohlstand wealth
wohltat benefaction
wohltaten benefactions
wohlwollen benevolence
wohnsitz domicile
wohnung dwelling
wohnungen habitations
wohnwagen caravan
wohnzimmer parlor
wolf wolf
wolke cloud
wolken clouds
wolkenbruch cloudburst
wolkenkratzer skyscraper
wolle wool
wolljacke cardigan
wolljacken cardigans
wort word
worterguesse verbiages
wortlaute wordings
wortschwall verbiage
wortumbruch wordwrap
wrack wreck
wracks wrecks
wucher usury
wucherer usurer
wuensche wishes
wuerdigung appreciation
wuerfel cube
wuermer worms
wuerste sausages
wuerze condiment
wuerzen seasonings
wueste desert
wuestling libertine
wuestlinge libertines
wunde wound
wunder marvel
wunsch wish
wuoten quotas
wurf throw
wurm worm
wurst sausage
wurzel root
wut rage
xanthippe shrew
xanthippen shrews
yacht yacht
zacken jags
zaehigkeit tenacity
zaehler counter
zaehne teeth
zaepfchen uvula
zaertlichkeit tenderness
zaertlichkeiten fondnesses
zaeune corralls
zahlung donation
zahlungen payments
zahn tooth
zahnarzt dentist
zahnbuerste tooth-brush
zahnschmerzen toothache
zahnstange rack
zahnstocher toothpick
zankteufel virago
zapfen pin
zar tsar
zare tsars
zauberei necromancy
zaubereien necromancies
zauberer conjurer
zauberin fairy
zauberinnen fairies
zaun fence
zaunkoenig wren
zaunkoenige wrens
zecher toper
zehe toe
zeichen char
zeichensaetze fonts
zeichenschablone template
zeichner drawers
zeichnung painting
zeichnungen drawings
zeigefinger forefinger
zeiger locator
zeile line
zeilen lines
zeilenvorschub linefeed
zeilenvorschuebe linefeeds
zeit time
zeiteinteilungen timings
zeiten tenses
zeittafel timetable
zeitung newspaper
zeitungen bulletins
zeitvertreib pastime
zellen cells
zelt marquee
zeltbahnen canvasses
zelte marquees
zement cement
zensur censorship
zensuren censorships
zentren centres
zentrifugal- centrifugal
zentrum centre
zerstaeuber sprayer
zerstoerung deletion
zerstoerungen deletions
zerstueckelung fragmentation
zeug trinket
zeuge witness
zeugnis testimonial
zeugnisse testimonials
zi chambers
ziege goat
ziegel brick
ziegelstein brick
ziegen goats
ziel aim
ziele targets
zielpunkt goal
ziffern digits
zigarette cigarette
zigarre cigar
zigarren cigars
zigeuner gipsies
zimmer chamber
zimmerdecke ceiling
zimmermaedchen parlormaid
zimmermann carpenter
zinn tin
zirkus circus
zitrone lemon
zitronen citrons
zitronensaft lemon-juice
zittern trepidation
zitze tit
zitzen tits
zobel sable
zoegern indecision
zoll duane
zone area
zonen areas
zorn anger
zubehoer accessories
zucker sugar
zuckung convulsion
zuckungen convulsions
zuechter breeder
zuege lineaments
zuendholz match
zufaelle hazards
zufall coincidence
zuflucht refuge
zufluchten refuges
zufuehrung feeding
zug lineament
zugang ingress
zuge tractions
zugestaendnis concession
zugestaendnisse concessions
zugriff access
zuhoererschaft audience
zukunft futures
zulage extra-pay
zuletzt lastly
zuneigung affection
zunge tongue
zungen tongues
zurueckhaltung restraint
zusammenarbeit collaboration
zusammenfassung summary
zusammenhaenge coherences
zusammenhang coherence
zusammenhanglosigkeit incoherence
zusammenhanglosigkeiten incoherences
zusammensetzung composition
zusammenstellungen arrangements
zusammenstoss clash
zusatz addition
zuschauer bystander
zuschnitt tailor
zusicherungen confirmations
zustand condition
zustimmung agreement
zustimmungen approbations
zuteilung ration
zuteilungen rations
zutritt admittance
zutritte admittances
zuverlaessigkeit reliability
zuweisung assignment
zuweisungen assignments
zwaenge coercions
zwang coercion
zwangs- forced
zweck purpose
zweifel doubt
zweig branch
zweige branches
zweitakt two-stroke
zwerchfell midriff
zwerchfelle midriffs
zwerg dwarf
zwerge dwarfs
zwiebel onion
zwiebeln bulbs
zwielicht twilight
zwietracht dissension
zwilling twin
zwinkern wink
zwischenfall incident
zwischenkuehler intercooler
zwischenlektion intersection
zwischenspiel interlude
zwischenspiele interludes
zwischenstueck adaptor
zwischenzeit meantime
zyklus cycle
zylinder cylinder
zynismus cynicism
feder feather
ab detersschreckt
abbrechen abort
abbrechend aborting
abenteuerlich adventurous
aber but
aberglaeubisch superstitious
abfassen indite
abfassend inditing
abflachen flatten
abfragen inquire
abfuehren discharge
abfuehrend laxativ
abgebildet mapped
abgebrochen aborted
abgedroschen hackneyed
abgefasst indited
abgefragt prompted
abgegossen decanted
abgegrast grazed
abgehalten detained
abgeirrt strayed
abgekuerzte abbreviated
abgelegen remote
abgelegt discarded
abgelehnt deprecated
abgeleitet deduced
abgelenkt deflected
abgeleugnet abnegated
abgeloest redeemed
abgeneigt averse
abgenommen waned
abgeprallt rebounded
abgerackert fagged
abgeraten dissuaded
abgereist departed
abgerieben towelled
abgesahnt skimmed
abgeschafft abolished
abgeschirmt shielded
abgeschnallt unstrapped
abgeschnitten cropped
abgeschoben deported
abgeschraegt canted
abgeschreckt deterred
abgeschwaecht extenuated
abgeschweift digressed
abgesetzt degradet
abgesondert isolated
abgestimmt attuned
abgestuerzt crashed
abgestuft graduated
abgestumpft deadened
abgewaehlte deselected
abgewandt averted
abgewartet bided
abgewehrt fended
abgewertet devalued
abgewickelt liquidated
abgewiesen repulsed
abgezielt tended
abgezogen deducted
abgiessen decant
abgiessend decanting
abgrasen graze
abgrasend grazing
abgreagieren abreact
abhacken chopp
abhaengen depend
abhaengig dependent
abhalten detain
abhaltend detainig
abirren stray
abirrend straying
abkuerzen abbreviate
ablassen drain
ablegend depositing
ablehnen deprecate
ablehnend deprecating
ableiten derivate
ableitend deducing
ablenken distract
ablenkend deflecting
ableugnen abnegate
abloesen unsolder
abloesend unsoldering
abnehmbar detachable
abnehmen wane
abnehmend waning
abprallen recoil
abprallend rebounding
abrackern fag
abrackernd fagging
abraten dissuade
abratend dissuading
abreagierend abreacting
abreagiert abreacted
abreibend towelling
abreisen depart
abreisend departing
abrufen fetch
absahnen skim
absahnend skimming
abschaffen abolish
abschaffend abolishing
abscheulich abhorrent
abschieben deport
abschiebend deporting
abschliessend final
abschnallen unstrap
abschnallend unstrapping
abschneiden clipping
abschneidend cutting
abschrecken deter
abschreckend deterrent
abschreibend transcribing
abschwaechen extenuate
abschwaechend extenuating
abschweifen digress
abschweifend excursive
abseits offside
absichtlich intentional
absolut absolute
absondern excude
absondernd isolating
absteigend descending
abstimmbar tuneable
abstimmen tune
abstimmend coordinating
abstossend forbidding
abstrahlend beaming
abstrakt abstractly
abstreifen wipe
abstufen graduate
abstufend graduating
abstumpfen deaden
abstumpfend deadening
abtrennen detach
abwaehlen deselect
abwandeln variegate
abwarten bide
abwechselnd alternately
abwegig devious
abwehren fend
abwehrend fending
abweichen differ
abweichend dissonant
abweisen repulse
abweisend denying
abwenden avert
abwendend averting
abwerten devalue
abwertend devaluing
abwesend absent
abwickeln liquidate
abwickelnd transacting
abziehen deduct
abziehend deducting
abzielen tend
abzielend tending
abzweigen offset
acht eight
achtbar creditable
achte eighth
achtend esteeming
achtet esteems
achtsam observant
achtzehn eighteen
achtzehnte eighteenth
achtzig eighty
adressierend addressing
adressiert addressed
aehnlich likewise
aelter older
aelteste oldest
aeltlich oldish
aenderbare changeable
aendern alter
aendernd altering
aendert changes
aengstlich anxious
aergerlich angrily
aergerlicher angrier
aergerlichste angriest
aergern bother
aergernd fretting
aergert galls
aermer needier
aermste neediest
aerztlich medically
aeussernd uttering
aeusserst utmost
aeussert utters
affig apish
afrikanisch african
ahnen forebode
ahnend foreboding
aktiv actively
aktive active
aktivieren activate
aktiviert activates
aktivierte activated
aktualisiert updated
aktuell actually
aktuelle actual
albern fatuous
alkoholisch spirituous
alkoholische alcoholic
alle all
allein alone
alleine alone
alles everything
allgegenwaertig ubiquitous
allgemein abstract
allmaehlich gradually
allumfassend overall
allwissend omniscient
alphabetisch alphabetically
alphanumerische alphanumeric
als than
alt ancient
alternativ alternatively
altersschwach decrepit
altklug precocious
altmodisch old-fashioned
amber amber
ambindend tethering
amerikanische american
amortisierte amortized
amputieren amputate
amputierend amputating
amputiert amputates
amputierte amputated
amtieren officiate
amtierend officiating
amtiert officiates
amtierte officiated
amtlich official
amuesieren amuse
amuesierend amusing
amuesiert amuses
amuesierte amused
an adoresbetet
analog analogue
analysieren analyze
analysierte analyzed
anbeten adore
anbetungswuerdig adorable
anbieten offer
anbietend offering
anblitzen glare
anblitzend glaring
anbrechen broach
anbringen attach
andaechtig devout
andauert persists
andere other
andernfalls otherwise
anderswo elsewhere
andeuten insinuate
andeutend insinuating
anecken scandalize
aneckend scandalizing
aneignen usurp
anerkennend acknowledging
anfaellig prone
anfaenglich initially
anfahren snub
anfahrend snubbing
anfeuchtend wetting
anflehen implore
anflehend imploring
anfordern demand
anfuegen annex
anfuegend annexing
anfuehren lead
anfuellen fulfill
angeberisch swankily
angebetet adored
angeblich alleged
angeblitzt glared
angeboren congenital
angeborene innate
angeboten offered
angebunden tethered
angedeutet insinuated
angeeckt scandalized
angefahren snubbed
angefangen commenced
angefeuchtet wetted
angefordert requisited
angefuegt annexed
angegrenzt adjoined
angegriffen affronted
angehaengt adhered
angehaengte appended
angehaeuft accumulated
angehalten stopped
angeheftet clinched
angeheitert tipsily
angehoben lifted
angeklagt impeached
angeklammert clinged
angekleidet habited
angekocht parboiled
angekommen arrived
angekuendigt advertised
angelehnt ajar
angemasst arroganted
angemessen adequate
angenehm agreeable
angenommen accepted
angeordnet disposed
angepackt tackled
angepasst accomodated
angepasste adapted
angeprangert pilloried
angeregt animated
angereichert enriched
angerempelt jostled
angeschafft purchased
angeschaltet powered
angeschlagen struck
angeschnallt strapped
angesehen faced
angesiedelt located
angespielt alluded
angespornt incited
angesprochen accosted
angesteckt infected
angestiftet instigated
angestiftete abetted
angestrengt strained
angewachsen increased
angewandt applied
angezeigt indicated
angezogen attracted
angezuendet kindled
angezweifelt doubted
angreifen affront
angreifend affronting
angrenzen adjoin
angrenzend adjoining
anhaengen append
anhaengend appending
anhaenglich devoted
anhaeufen pile
anhaeufend accumulating
anhaftend adherent
anhaltend resting
anheben jack
anheften attach
anheftend attaching
anheimelnd quaint
anheuern charter
anklagen accuse
anklagend impeaching
anklammernd clinging
anklebend pasting
ankleidend habiting
anknuepfen contacting
ankochen parboil
ankommen arrive
ankommend arriving
ankuendigen advertise
ankuendigend advertising
anmassen arrogante
anmassend arroganting
anmerkend annotating
anmutig graceful
annaehern appropiate
annaehernd roughly
annehmbar acceptable
annehmbare acceptable
annehmbarer receivablier
annehmen assume
annehmend assuming
annulieren invalidate
annulliert annuls
anonym anonymous
anordnen dispose
anordnend disposing
anormal anomalous
anpackend tackling
anpassen accommodate
anpassend adjusting
anpassungsfaehig flexible
anprangernd pillorying
anregen animate
anregend animating
anreichern concentrate
anreichernd enriching
anrempeln jostle
anrempelnd jostling
ansammeln accumulate
anscheinend apparent
anschliessen connect
anschnallend strapping
ansehnlich respectable
anspielen allude
anspielend alluding
anspornen incite
anspornend spuring
ansprechbar responsive
ansprechen accost
ansprechend accosting
anspruchslos unassuming
anstaendig decent
anstecken infect
ansteckend contagious
ansteigen upswing
anstelle instead
anstiften abet
anstiftend abetting
anstoessig obnoxious
anstossen nudge
anstrengen strain
anstrengend straining
antreiben drive
antworten reply
antwortend answering
antwortet answers
antwortete replied
anullieren annul
anvertrauen commit
anvertrauend entrusting
anvertraut entrusted
anwachsend increasing
anwendbar applicable
anwenden apply
anwendend applying
anwerfen actuate
anwesend aboard
anzeigen indicate
anzeigend indicating
anziehen attract
anziehend attracting
anzuenden kindle
appetitanregend appetizing
applaudierend applauding
applaudiert applauds
applaudierte applauded
arbeiten work
arbeitend tasking
arbeitet operates
arbeitete worked
arbeitslos unemployed
archivierende archiving
archiviert archived
archivierte archival
arglistig guileful
arglos unsuspecting
arithmetisch arithmetic
arm indigent
armselig squalid
arrangierend arranging
arrangiert arranges
arretieren lock
artig bravely
aschig ashy
ass ate
astronomisch astronomical
atemlos breathless
atmen breathe
atmet breathes
atomar atomic
atomisieren atomize
atomisierend atomizing
atomisiert atomized
auch also
auf adjournsschiebt
aufatmen respire
aufatmend respiring
aufbauen build
aufbereiten grab
aufbewahrt preserved
aufbinden untie
aufblaehen inflate
aufblaehend inflating
aufblasen bloat
aufblasend bloating
aufbrausen effervesce
aufbrausend effervescing
aufbrechen decamp
aufbrechend decamping
aufbringend sparing
aufbuerdend imposing
aufdecken unhide
aufdeckend disclosing
aufdraengen obtrude
aufdraengend obtruding
aufdringlich gratingly
aufdruecken imprint
aufdrueckend imprinting
aufeinanderfolgend sequent
aufeinanderfolgende successive
auferlegen enjoin
auferlegend enjoining
auferlegt enjoined
auffallend conspicuous
auffangend intercepting
auffindbar detectable
aufforsten reforest
aufforstend reforesting
auffrischen freshen
auffrischend refreshing
auffuellen refill
auffuellend refilling
aufgeatmet respired
aufgeben abandon
aufgebend abandoning
aufgeblasene bloated
aufgebraust effervesced
aufgebrochen decamped
aufgebuerdet imposed
aufgebunden untied
aufgedeckt uncovered
aufgedraengt obtruded
aufgedrueckt imprinted
aufgefangen intercepted
aufgeforstet reforested
aufgefuellt refilled
aufgegeben capitulated
aufgegriffen grabbed
aufgehakt unhooked
aufgehoben abrogated
aufgehoert ceased
aufgeklaert undeceived
aufgeklinkt unlatched
aufgeknoepft unbuttoned
aufgelauert waylaid
aufgelehnt revolted
aufgelistet listed
aufgeloest disintagrated
aufgemacht unclasped
aufgemoebelt reconditioned
aufgenommen absorbed
aufgepulvert doped
aufgeraeumt tidy
aufgeregt excited
aufgerollt unrolled
aufgeruestet rearmed
aufgerufen invoked
aufgeschnuert unlaced
aufgeschoben adjourned
aufgeschreckt scared
aufgesogen sponged
aufgestiegen ascended
aufgestossen belched
aufgeteilt partitioned
aufgewaermt rehashed
aufgewandt expended
aufgeweckt aroused
aufgeweicht softened
aufgewickelt coiled
aufgewischt swabbed
aufgezeichnet logged
aufgezogen nurtured
aufgliedern dissect
aufhaengen suspend
aufhaken unhook
aufhakend unhooking
aufheben abrogate
aufhebend abrogating
aufhellen brighten
aufhoeren cease
aufklaeren undeceive
aufklaerend undeceiving
aufklinken unlatch
aufklinkend unlatching
aufknoepfen unbutton
aufknoepfend unbuttoning
aufkommend upcomming
auflauern waylay
auflauernd waylaying
auflisten list
aufloesen disintegrate
aufloesend disintegrating
aufmachen unclasp
aufmachend unclasping
aufmerksam attentive
aufmoebeln recondition
aufmoebelnd reconditioning
aufnehmen absorb
aufnehmend absorbing
aufpolieren refurbish
aufpolierend refurbishing
aufpoliert refurbished
aufprallen thud
aufpulvern dope
aufpulvernd doping
aufrecht uprightly
aufrechterhalten uphold
aufrechterhaltend upholding
aufregen fluster
aufregend exciting
aufrichtig candid
aufrollen unroll
aufrollend unrolling
aufruehrerisch seditionous
aufruesten rearm
aufruestend rearming
aufrufbar callable
aufrufen invoice
aufsaessig insubordinate
aufsaugend sponging
aufschieben adjourn
aufschiebend adjourning
aufschnueren unlace
aufschnuerend unlacing
aufschrecken scare
aufschreckend scaring
aufsehenerregend startling
aufsteigen ascend
aufsteigende ascending
aufstellen establish
aufstossen belch
aufstossend belching
auftauchen emerge
auftauchend emerging
aufteilend partitioning
auftreten occur
aufwachen wakeup
aufwaermen rehash
aufwaermend rehashing
aufwaerts upward
aufwecken arouse
aufweckend arousing
aufweichen soften
aufweiten flare
aufwenden expend
aufwendend expending
aufwendig expendable
aufwerten valorize
aufwickeln coil
aufwickelnd coiling
aufwischen swab
aufwischend swabbing
aufzaehlen enumerate
aufzaehlend enumerating
aufzeichnen log
aufzeichnend recording
aufziehen razz
aufziehend razzing
augenblicklich momentarily
aus debarsschliesst
ausarbeiten elaborate
ausarbeitend elaborating
ausbessern darn
ausbessernd darning
ausbeuten exploit
ausbeutend exploiting
ausbrechen erupt
ausbrechend eruptimg
ausbrueten incubate
ausbruetend incubating
ausdauern persevere
ausdauernd perseverely