aal ale
abbild image
abbildung illustration
abend evening
abende evenings
abendessen supper
abenteuer adventure
aberglaube superstition
abfaelle clippings
abfahrt departure
abfall declension
abfindungen gratuities
abflussrohr spout
abfrage inquiry
abgabe tribute
abgaben tributes
abgeschiedenheit seclusion
abgott idol
abgruende abysses
abgrund abyss
abhaenge declivities
abhaengige dependants
abhaengiger dependant
abhandlung treatise
abhandlungen treatises
abhang declivity
abkommen agreement
abkuerzung abbreviation
abkuerzungen abbreviations
ablage deposit
ablagen depositions
ablagerung deposit
ablagerungen sediments
ablaufverfolgung backtrace
ablehnung refusals
ablehnungshinweis disclaimer
ableitung deduction
ableitungen derivations
abneigung antipathy
abneigungen antipathies
abnutzung fading
abreise departure
absatz heel
abscheu abhorrence
abschied valediction
abschnitt chapter
abschrift transcript
abschriften transcriptions
absender sender
absetzung degradation
absetzungen degradations
absicht intention
absichten intentions
absonderung isolation
abspeicherungen savings
abstaende distances
abstammung ancestory
abstammungen lineages
abstand displacement
abstandsstueck spacer
abstieg descend
abstiege descents
abstimmung ballot
abstinenzler teetotaler
abstuerze crashes
abstufung gradation
abstufungen gradations
abteil compartment
abteilung compartment
abteilungen compartments
abtretung cession
abtretungen cessions
abtrieb output
abtruennige renegades
abtruenniger renegade
abwaesser sewages
abwasser sewage
abweichung aberration
abweichungen deviations
abwertung devaluation
abwertungen devaluations
abwesenheit absence
abwesenheiten absences
abwicklung liquidation
abzeichen badge
abzuege deductions
abzug discount
achse axis
achsen axes
ackerbau tillage
adapter adapter
addition addition
adel nobility
adler eagle
adlige noblemen
adliger nobleman
adresse address
adressen addresses
adressierbarkeit addressability
aehnlichkeit likeness
aehnlichkeiten resemblances
aenderung modification
aenderungen alterations
aengste anxieties
aepfel apples
aequator equator
aerger chagrin
aermel sleeve
aerzte physicians
aeste boughs
aeusserung utterance
aeusserungen utterances
affe ape
affen apes
agent agent
agentur agency
agenturen agencies
ahorn maple
akkord chord
akkorde chords
aktentasche briefcase
aktion action
aktionaer shareholder
aktionaere shareholders
aktionen actions
aktivierung activation
aktivitaet activity
aktivitaeten activities
aktualisierung updating
aktualitaet actuality
akustik acoustic
akzent accent
alarm alarm
algorithmen algorithms
algorithmus algorithm
alkohol booze
allgemeinheit universality
allgemeinheiten universalities
allmacht omnipotence
alltag workaday
alphabet alphabet
alptraeume nightmares
alptraum nightmare
alter age
alternativen alternatives
amateur amateur
amateure amateurs
ameise ant
ameisen ants
amerika america
amethyst amethyst
amortisation amortization
amplitude amplitude
amsel blackbird
amseln blackbirds
analysator analyzer
ananas pineapple
andenken memento
andeutung inkling
andeutungen inklings
andrang boom
aneignung annexation
aneignungen annexations
anerkennungen recognitions
anfaenge commencements
anfaenger beginner
anfang init
anforderung requirement
anforderungen requirements
anfrage enquiry
anfuehrungen quotations
anfuehrungsstrich parenthesis
anfuehrungsstriche parentheses
angebot offer
angebote offerings
angelegenheit affair
angemessenheit adequacy
angestellter employee
angestelter employee
angreifer aggressor
angriff aggression
angriffe aggressions
angst anxiety
anhaenge appendices
anhaenger pendant
anhaeufung accumulation
anhaftung adherence
anhang appendage
anker anchor
anklage accusation
anklagen indictments
ankuendigung advertisement
ankuendigungen advertisements
ankunft arrival
anlage plant
anlegeplaetze wharves
anleitung navigating
anleitungen instructions
anmeldung announcement
anmerkung memo
anmut comeliness
annahme acceptance
annahmen assumptions
annehmlichkeit amenity
annehmlichkeiten goodies
anordnung adjustment
anordnungen dispositions
anpassung accomodation
anpassungen accomodations
anregung animation
anregungen incitements
anrichten sideboards
anruf call
anrufer caller
ansaetze rudiments
ansammlung package
ansatz rudiment
anschein semblance
anscheine semblances
anschlagtafel billboard
anschlagtafeln billboards
anschluss alignment
anschrift address
ansehen credit
anspielung allusion
anspielungen allusions
anspruch claim
anspruchsteller claimant
ansprueche claims
anstand decency
ansteckung contagion
ansteckungen contagions
anstifter abettor
anstoesse impulses
anstoss impuls
anstrengung effort
anstrengungen efforts
anstuerme onrushes
ansturm onrush
anteil quota
antenne antenna
antennen antennas
antipoden antipodes
antrieb impellent
antriebe incentives
antwort answer
anwaelte lawyers
anwaerter aspirant
anwalt advocate
anweisung directive
anwender operator
anzahlung commission
anzeige display
anzeigen indexes
anzug suit
apfel apple
apfelmus applesauce
apfelsaft cider
apostroph apostrophe
apotheke pharmacy
apotheken pharmacies
appetit appetite
appetitanreger appetizer
aprikosen apricots
april april
arbeit chore
arbeiten workings
arbeiter jobber
arbeitskraefte manpower
arbeitslosigkeit inoccupation
arbeitsraum workspace
arbeitsunterbrechung layoff
arbeitsunterbrechungen layoffs
arbeitszimmer study
architektur architecture
arglist guile
argument argument
argumente arguments
arm arm
armbaender bracelets
armband bracelet
arme arms
armut poorness
art fashion
arten kinds
artikel article
artischocken artichokes
arzt doctor
as ace
asche ash
aschenbecher ash-tray
aschenputtel cinderella
aspekt aspect
ast bough
atem breath
atlanten atlases
atlas atlas
atom atom
attraktion attraction
attribut attribute
attribute attributes
aufbruch decampment
aufenthalt sojourn
aufenthalte sojourns
aufgabe abandonment
aufgaben jobs
aufgebot banns
aufhaenger hanger
aufhaengung suspension
aufhebung rescission
aufhebungen rescissions
aufkleber stickers
auflister lister
aufloesung resolution
aufloesungen dissolutions
aufmerksamkeit attention
aufnahme absorbtion
aufnahmefaehigkeit capacitance
aufnahmen receptions
aufnehmen grabbing
aufregung commotion
aufregungen commotions
aufrichtigkeit candor
aufrichtigkeiten sincerities
aufruestung rearmament
aufruf calling
aufrufe invocations
aufruhr sedition
aufschlaege lapels
aufschlag lapel
aufschrei outcry
aufschreie outcries
aufschub adjurnment
aufschuebe adjurnments
aufschwuenge booms
aufseher checker
aufsicht checkers
aufstaende insurrections
aufstand insurrection
aufsteigen ascension
aufstellungsort site
aufstieg ascent
aufstiege ascents
auftraege commissions
auftrag order
auftrieb boost
aufwand effort
aufzeichnung chronicle
aufzeichnungen records
aufzuege elevators
aufzug elevator
augapfel eyeball
auge eye
augen eyes
augenaerzte oculists
augenarzt oculist
augenblick jiffy
augenblicke jiffies
augenbraue eyebrow
augenbrauen eyebrows
augenlid eyelid
augenlider eyelids
august august
ausarbeitung elaboration
ausarbeitungen elaborations
ausbesserung repair
ausbildung schooling
ausblick outlook
ausblicke outlooks
ausbruch eruption
ausbrueche eruptions
ausdauer endurance
ausdehnung expanse
ausdehnungen expanses
ausdruck expression
ausdrucksweise idiom
ausdrucksweisen parlances
ausdruecke expressions
ausfall blackout
ausfluege excursions
ausfluegler tripper
ausfluesse effluences
ausflug jaunt
ausfluss effluence
ausfuehrung achievement
ausfuehrungen achievements
ausfuhr export
ausgabe issuance
ausgaben dumps
ausgabename outputname
ausgaenge egresses
ausgang egress
ausgebend displaying
ausgestossene outcasts
ausgleich compensation
auskunft information
auslaeufer offshoot
auslass outlet
auslassungen interleaves
auslegung interpretation
auslieferung delivery
ausloeser trigger
ausnahme exception
ausnahmen exceptions
auspuff exhaust
auspufftopf silencer
ausreisser bolter
ausruestung equipment
ausruestungen kits
ausruf exclamation
ausrufe interjections
ausschluesse exclusions
ausschluss exclusion
ausschuss committee
aussehen lookout
aussen outer
aussenbezirke outskirts
aussenseiter outsider
aussetzer dropout
aussetzung exposure
aussparung recess
aussperrung lockout
aussperrungen lockouts
aussprache pronunciation
aussprachen pronunciations
ausstattung configuration
ausstattungen endowments
ausstellung exhibition
ausstellungen exhibitions
ausstoss ejection
ausstrahlung radiation
ausstrahlungen radiations
austausch interchange
auster oyster
austern oysters
austrag discharge
ausuebung exertion
auswahl choice
auswahlen choices
auswanderer emigrant
auswanderung emigration
auswechselungen exchanges
auswertung evaluation
auszubildende trainees
auszubildender trainee
auszuege epitomes
auszug epitome
auto car
autogramm autograph
autogramme autographs
automatik automatic
automatikwahl autodial
automation automation
autor author
autoren authors
autoritaet authority
baby baby
bach brook
bachstelze wagtail
bachstelzen wagtails
backe cheek
backen cheeks
backenbart whiskers
backenzaaehne molars
backenzahn molar
backfett shortening
backslash backslash
backspace backspace
backups backups
bad bath
bademantel bathrobe
badewanne bathtub
badezimmer bathroom
baeche rivulets
baecker baker
baeckerei bakery
baeckereien bakeries
baender ribbons
baer bear
baerte beards
baeuche bellies
baeuchlein tummies
baeume trees
bahn tram
bahnen trams
bahnhof station
bahnsteig platform
bahre bier
bahren biers
bakterie bacterium
bakterien bacteriums
baldrian valerian
balken beam
balkon balcony
balkone balconies
ball ball
ballast ballast
ballen bales
ballon balloon
ballsaal ballroom
balsam balm
bambus bamboo
banane banana
bananen bananas
band ribbon
bande gang
banden gangs
bandwuermer tapeworms
bandwurm tapeworm
bank bank
bankier banker
bankiers bankers
banner banner
bargeld hardcash
barren ingot
barriere barrage
bart beard
basis base
batch batch
batterie battery
bauch ventral
bauchredner ventriloquist
baudrate baudrate
bauer boor
bauern peasants
bauernhof farm
baugeruest scaffolding
baugruppe assembly
baum tree
baumwolle cotton
bausatz kit
bausch wad
bauteil component
bauweise construction
beachtung heed
beamte officials
beanspruchung stress
becher beaker
becken basin
bedachung roofing
bedachungen roofings
bedarf demand
bedauern regret
bedeutung meaning
bedeutungen meanings
bediener operators
bedienung handling
bedienungselement control
bedienungsfeld console
bedingung condition
bedingungen conditions
beeintraechtigungen derogations
beendigung determining
beep beep
beepen beeping
beerdigung burial
beerdigungen interments
beere berry
beeren berries
befaehigung qualification
befaehigungen qualifications
befehl comand
befehle comands
befehlsempfaenger heeler
befestigung attachment
befestigungen attachments
befoerderung preferment
befoerderungen preferments
befragen consult
befreier deliverer
befreiung deliverance
befreiungen liberations
befriedigung satisfaction
befuerchtung misgiving
befuerchtungen misgivings
begabungen talents
begegnung encounter
begeisterung rapture
begeisterungen raptures
begierde cupidity
begierden lusts
beginn beginning
begleiter tutor
begleitung attendance
begraebnis funeral
begraebnisse burials
begrenzer delimiter
begrenzungen limitations
begriff item
begriffe items
behaelter container
behandler handlers
behandlung therapy
behandlungen therapies
beharrlichkeit insistence
behauptung allegation
behauptungen allegations
beherrschung governing
behinderung handicap
behinderungen handicaps
behoerde authorities
beifall acclamation
beifuegung addendum
beifuegungen additions
beil hatchet
beilage enclosure
beile hatchets
beileid condolence
bein leg
beine legs
beispiel example
beispiele examples
beistand assistance
beitraege contributions
beitrag contribution
bekanntmachung proclamation
bekanntmachungen proclamations
bekanntschaft acquaintance
bekanntschaften acquaintances
bekenntnis confession
bekenntnisse avowals
bekraeftigung affirmation
bekraeftigungen affirmations
belaestigung inconvenience
belag facing
belastung encumbrance
beleg voucher
belege vouchers
belegung occupancy
beleidigung indignity
beleidigungen indignities
beleuchtung illumination
beleuchtungen lightings
beliebtheiten vogues
belohnung reward
belohnungen rewards
belustigung merriment
belustigungen merriments
bemerkung remark
bemuehung endevour
benchmark-Tests benchmarks
benehmen behaviour
benennung naming
bengel urchin
benzin benzine
beobachtung observation
beobachtungen observations
beratung consultation
beratungen consultations
berechnung calculation
berechnungen calculations
beredsamkeit eloquence
bereich range
bereitschaft readiness
berg mount
berge mountains
bergleute colliers
bergmann collier
bergwerk colliery
bericht bulletin
berichterstatter reporter
berichterstattung coverage
berieselungsanlage sprinkler
berieselungsanlagen sprinklers
beruehmtheit celebrity
beruehmtheiten celebrities
beruehrung touch
berufung vocation
berufungen vocations
beruhigung pacification
beruhigungsmittel sedatives
besatzung garrison
besatzungen garrisons
beschaedigung injury
beschaeftigte employees
beschaeftigung employ
beschaeftigungen employments
beschaffenheit habit
beschauer viewers
bescheidenheit humility
bescheidenheiten modesties
bescheinigung certification
bescheinigungen certifications
beschimpfungen wiggings
beschleuniger accelerator
beschleunigung acceleration
beschraenktheit narrowness
beschraenktheiten narrownesses
beschreibung description
beschreibungen descriptions
beschriftung lettering
beschriftungen letterings
beschuetzer guardian
beschuldigung imputation
beschuldigungen imputations
beschwerde complaint
beschwerden grievances
beseitigung elimination
besen besom
besenstiel broomstick
besenstiele broomsticks
besessenheit obsession
besessenheiten obsessions
besetzer occupant
besetzung allocation
besetzungen occupations
besichtigung sightseeing
besichtigungen sightseeings
besitz possession
besitze tenures
besitzer owners
besonderheit particularity
besorgnis solicitude
bestaendigkeit constancy
bestaetigung confirmation
bestandteil ingredient
bestandteile ingredients
bestatter mortician
bestattungsinstitut undertaker
bestattungsinstitute undertakers
bestechung bribery
bestechungen corruptions
bestellungen tillages
besteuerung taxation
besteuerungen taxations
bestie beast
bestimmung appointment
bestimmungen appointments
bestuerzung consternation
bestuerzungen consternations
besuch visit
besuche visitations
besucher visitor
betaeubungsmittel narcotics
beton concrete
betrachter viewer
betrachtung inspection
betrachtungen considerations
betraege amounts
betrag amount
betreiber carrier
betrieb deadausser
betriebs operating
betriebssicherheit reliability
betrueger blackleg
betruegerei trickery
betruegereien frauds
betrug deceit
bett bed
bettdecke blanket
betten beds
bettler beggar
bettstelle bedstead
bettstellen bedsteads
beute booty
bevoelkerung population
bevollmaechtigter attorney
bewachung custody
bewachungen custodies
beweggrund motivation
beweglichkeit flexibilty
bewegung motion
bewegungen locomotions
bewerber candidate
bewertung valuation
bewohner inhabitant
bewunderung admiration
bezahlung contributation
bezauberung enchantment
bezeichnung notation
bezeichnungen notations
beziehung relation
beziehungen relations
bezirk borough
bezirke cantons
bezug reference
bibel bible
biber beaver
bibliographie bibliography
bibliothek library
bibliothekar librarian
bibliothekare librarians
biegsamkeit pliancy
biegung inflexion
biegungen bends
biene bee
bienen bees
bienenkoerbe beehives
bienenstock beehive
bier beer
biere beers
bild picture
bilder images
bildhauer sculptor
bildschirm screen
bildschirm- onscreen
bildschirme screens
bildung formations
billigung approval
billigungen approvals
billion billion
binaer binary
binde ligature
binden bandages
bindestiche hyphens
bindestrich hyphen
bindestriche dashes
bindfaden packthread
bindfaeden packthreads
binnenland midland
binsenwahrheit truism
binsenwahrheiten truisms
birke birch
birken birches
birne pear
birnen pears
bisam musquash
bisamratten musquashes
bischof bishop
biss bite
bissen morsel
bitmodus bitmode
bitte please
bitten petitions
bittsteller applicant
blaeschen bleb
blaesse paleness
blaetter blades
blase bladder
blasen bladders
blatt leaf
blaumeise nun
blaumeisen nuns
blei lead
bleistift pencil
blick look
blickwinkel perspective
blindschleiche blindworm
blindschleichen blindworms
blitz flash
block block
blockade blockade
blockierung deadlock
bloecke blocks
bluete bloom
blueten blooms
blume flower
blumen flowers
blumenhaendler florist
blumenkohl cauliflower
blumenstraeusse nosegays
blumenstrauss bouquet
bluse blouse
blusen blouses
blut blood
blutbad massacre
blutbaeder massacres
bluterguss bruise
blutschande incest
blutvergiessen bloodshed
blutvergiftung sepsis
bock buck
boden floor
boeden bottoms
boee blast
boeen blasts
boegen bows
boersenmakler stockbrokers
boeswilligkeit malevolence
boeswilligkeiten malevolences
bogen arch
bohne bean
bohnen beans
bohrer auger
boje buoy
bolzen bolts
bombe bomb
bomben bombs
bonbon goody
bonbons sweetmeats
boot boat
bootfahrt boating
bordell brothel
bordelle brothels
bosheit malice
bosheiten malices
bote messenger
boten messengers
botschaft embassy
botschaften embassies
boutique millinery
boutiquen millineries
box box
boxen boxes
braeuche observances
braeutigam bridegroom
braeutigamme bridegrooms
brandstifter firebug
brandung surf
braten roast
bratensosse gravy
bratfett dripping
bratsche viola
brauch rite
braue brow
brauen brows
braut bride
braut- bridal
brechung refraction
brei pap
breie mushes
breite breadth
breiten latitudes
bremse brake
brenner burner
brennholz firewood
brennstoff fuel
brett plank
bretter planks
brief letter
briefkaesten mailboxes
briefkasten letter-box
briefkoepfe letterheads
briefkopf letterhead
briefmarke stamp
brieftasche billfold
brieftaschen billfolds
brieftraeger mailman
briefumschlag envelope
brille glasses
brisen breezes
brocken boulder
broetchen bun
brokat brocade
brombeerstrauch bramble
brosche brooch
broschuere booklet
brot bread
brote loaves
bruch fracture
bruchstueck fragment
bruchstuecke fragments
bruchteile fractions
bruder brother
brueche breaches
bruecke bridge
bruecken bridges
brueder brothers
bruederschaft brotherhood
brueste breasts
brummbaer growler
brunnen fountain
brunnenkresse watercress
brust breast
brustwarze nipple
brustwarzen nipples
brut spawn
brutalitaet brutality
buch book
buche beech
buchen beaches
buchname bookname
buchse female
buchseite page
buchstabe letter
buchstaben letters
bucht bay
buchtitel booknames
buchung posting
buckliger hunchback
bude booth
buden boothes
buecher books
buecherregal bookcase
buechse box
buechsen cans
buechsen- canned
buecklinge kippers
bueffel buffalo
buehne stage
buendel bale
buendnis alliance
buendnisse confederacies
buerge guarantor
buerger citizen
buergermeister mayor
buergerschaft township
buergersteig pavement
buergersteige sidewalks
buergerwehr militia
buero bureau
bueroklammer paperclip
bueroklammern paperclips
bueros bureaus
buerste brush
buesche bushes
bueschel tuft
bueste bust
buestenhalter brassiere
bulldogge bulldog
bulldoggen bulldogs
bummelstreik go-slow
bummler loafer
bund collar
bunde trusses
bunker bunker
bursche chap
bus bus
busch bush
busen bosom
busleitung highway
bussard buzzard
bussarde buzzards
busse penance
bussen penances
butter butter
butterbrot sandwich
butterbrote sandwiches
byte byte
bytes bytes
cAPS caps
cLS cls
cTRL ctrl
camera camera
cassette cassette
champignon mushroom
champignons mushrooms
chancen odds
checksumme checksum
checksummen checksums
chef boss
chemie chemistry
china china
chinin quinine
chip chip
chips chips
chirurg surgeon
chirurgen surgeons
chirurgie surgery
choere choirs
chor choir
chrom chromium
chroniken chronicles
clone clone
clones clones
club club
cluster cluster
code code
codes codes
codewoerter codewords
codierung encoding
compiler compiler
compilierung compilation
computer computer
copyright copyright
coupon coupon
coups coups
crash crash
cursor cursor
dEFINITIONEN definitions
dOS dos
dach housetop
dachdecker tiler
dachkammer garret
dachs badger
dachsparren rafter
dachstube garret
dachwohnung penthouse
dachwohnungen penthouses
dachzimmer garrets
daecher roofs
daemme embankments
daemmerung dawn
daemmerungen twilights
daempfe vapors
daempfer damper
daerme guts
dame dame
damen dames
damm embankment
dampf steam
dampfer damper
dank thank
dankbarkeit gratitude
danke thanx
danksagung thanksgiving
danksagungen thanksgivings
darbietungen presentations
darlehensgeber lender
darm bowel
darstellungen maps
datei database
dateien databases
dateikopf header
daten data
datenfile datafile
datum date
dauer duration
dauer- continuous
daumen thumbs
debugger debugger
dechiffrierung deciphering
decke blanket
deckel lid
decken blankets
decoder decoder
decodierer decrypter
definition definition
dehngefaess bellows
deich dike
deiche dikes
dekodierung decoding
dekorateur upholsterer
dekorateure upholsterers
delirien ravings
demo demo
demonstration demonstration
demonstrationen demonstrations
demos demos
demut humbleness
denkmaeler memorials
denkmal memorial
denkschrift memoir
denkschriften memoirs
denunziant informer
denunzianten informers
designer designer
detail detail
detektiv detective
deutschland germany
dezember december
diaet diet
diagnose diagnose
diagonale diagonals
diagramm diagram
dialekte idioms
dialog dialog
dichte densities
dichter poet
dichterin poetess
dichterinnen poetesses
dichtkuenste poetries
dichtkunst poetry
dichtungen fictions
dichtungsmittel sealant
dicke fatness
dickicht thicket
dickichte thickets
dieb burglar
diebe thieves
diebstaehle thefts
diener slave
dienst service
dienstag tuesday
dienste services
dienstprogramm utility
diese these
dieses this
dietrich picklock
diffusor diffusor
diktat dictation
dimension dimension
dimensionen dimensions
ding thing
dinge doings
dip dip
dipol dipole
directories directories
directory directory
direktiven directives
direktor headmaster
direktoren headmasters
dirnen prostitutes
diskette discette
disketten diskettes
diskrepanzen discrepancies
diskussion discussion
diskussionen discussions
distel thistle
disteln thistles
division division
docht wick
dochte wicks
doerfer cottages
dogge mastiff
doggen mastiffs
dohle daw
dohlen daws
doktoren doctors
dokument document
dokumentation documentation
dokumente documents
dolch dagger
dolche daggers
dolde umbel
dolden umbels
dollar dollar
dollars dollars
dom cathedral
domain domain
dome cathedrals
donner thunder
donnerschlaege thunderclaps
donnerschlag thunderclap
donnerstag thursday
donnerstage thursdays
doppelanschlag doublestrike
doppelpunkt colon
doppelzentner quintal
dorf cottage
dorfbewohner villager
dorn thorn
dornen thorns
dort there
dose tin
dosen tins
dosierungen dosages
dots dots
dotter yolk
drachen dragon
draehte wires
draht wire
draufgaenger dare-devil
drechsler turner
drehbuch scenario
drehbuecher scenarios
drehkreuz turnstile
drehkreuze turnstiles
drehmoment torque
drehmoment- torsional
drehpunkt fulcrum
drehzahl speed
drehzahlerhoehung speed-up
drehzahlmesser tachometer
drehzahlverminderung slow-down
dreiecke triangles
dreifuss tripod
dreirad tricycle
dreiraeder tricycles
dreizack trident
drescher thresher
droge drug
drogen drugs
drohung threat
drohungen threats
drossel throstle
drosseln bluebirds
druck pressure
druckausgaben printouts
drucke printings
drucker lineprinter
druckfehler errata
druckkopf printhead
druckregler pressurestat
druckschrift blockletters
drueckeberger quitter
druecken hitting
druese gland
druesen glands
dschungel jungle
dschunken junks
dudelsack bagpipe
dudelsaecke bagpipes
duebel dowel
duene dune
duenen dunes
duenger manure
duerre drought
duese nozzle
duesen nozzles
duft perfume
dummheit dullness
dummheiten fooleries
dummkopf dunce
dunkelheit darkness
dunkelheiten obscurities
dunst haze
durchblick vista
durchblicke vistas
durchbruch breakthrough
durcheinander jumble
durchfuehrbarkeit feasibility
durchgaenge gangways
durchgang thoroughfar
durchlauf pass
durchsatz performance
durchschnitt average
durchschnitte averages
durchsetzung enforcement
durchsicht perusal
durchsichten perusals
durchweg throughout
durst thirst
dusche shower
dutzend dozen
eRRORLEVEL errorlevel
eSC esc
ebene layer
ebenheit evenness
eber boar
echo echo
ecke corner
ecken corners
edelstein jewel
efeu ivy
effekte effects
ehe matrimony
ehebrecher adulterer
ehebrecherin adulteress
ehemann husband
ehen matrimonies
ehestifter matchmaker
ehre honesty
ehren honors
ehrerbietung obeisance
ehrerbietungen obeisances
ehrgeiz ambition
ei egg
eiche oak
eichel acorn
eicheln acorns
eichen oaks
eichhoernchen squirrel
eid oath
eide oaths
eidechse lizard
eidechsen lizards
eidotter yolk
eier eggs
eifer alacrity
eifersucht jealousy
eigenheit peculiarity
eigenheiten peculiarities
eigentum ownership
eimer bucket
einbahnstrasse oneway
einbildung conceit
einbildungen conceits
einblick insight
einbrecher burglar
einbruch irruption
einbrueche irruptions
eindringen penetration
eindringling interloper
eindringlinge interlopers
eindruck impression
eindruecke impressions
einehe monogamy
einehen monogamies
einfachheit simplicity
einfaelle incursions
einfahrt gateway
einfall incursion
einfallspinsel simpleton
einfluesse influences
einfluss influence
einfuegung insertion
einfuegungen insertions
einfuehrung inaugural
einfuehrungen inaugurals
einfuellstutzen filler
einfuhren importations
eingabe feed
eingabename inputname
eingang entrance
eingebend entering
eingebung inspiration
eingebungen inspirations
eingeweide bowels
eingeweihte hepcats
eingeweihter hepcat
eingriff encroachment
eingriffe encroachments
einheit unity
einheiten chunks
einhoerner unicorns
einhorn unicorn
einigkeiten unities
einkauf purchase
einkeitung introductory
einklang unison
einkommen income
einladung invitation
einladungen invitations
einlass inlet
einleitung introduction
einleitungen introductions
einmischungen interferences
einmuetigkeit unanimity
einmuetigkeiten unanimities
einordnung classification
einrichtung arrangement
einrichtungen constitutions
einsamkeit loneliness
einsatz encouragement
einschluesse enclosures
einschluss embedding
einschnitt gash
einschnitte incisions
einschraenkung limitation
einschraenkungen restrictions
einsicht discernment
einsichten discernments
einspritzventil injector
einspruch plea
einsprueche pleas
einstellung attitude
einstellungen settings
einstieg entrance
einstufung grading
einteilung graduation
eintoenigkeit monotony
eintoenigkeiten monotonies
eintopf mulligan
eintraege entries
eintrag inscription
eintragung entry
eintragungen inscriptions
eintritt admittance
einvernehmen understandings
einwaende objections
einwand objection
einwanderer immigrant
einwanderung immigration
einwanderungen immigrations
einweisung briefing
einwendung demur
einwendungen demurs
einwilligung adhesion
einwirkung impact
einwohner inhabitant
einzelhaendler retailer
einzelheit detail
einzelheiten details
einzigartigkeit singularity
einzigartigkeiten singularities
eis ice
eisberg iceberg
eisberge icebergs
eisen iron
eisenbahn railroad
eisenbahnen railways
eisenhaendler ironmonger
eisscholle floe
eisschollen floes
eisschrank refrigerator
eiszapfen icicle
elan verve
elastizitaet resilience
elastizitaeten resiliences
elch elk
elche elks
eleganz elegance
elektriker electrician
elektrizitaet electricity
elektronen electrons
elektronenroehre valve
element element
elemente elements
elendsviertel slums
elensviertel slum
elfenbein ivory
elite elite
ellenbogen elbow
ellipse ellipse
ellipsen ellipses
elster magpie
elstern magpies
eltern parents
elternteil parent
emaille enamel
empfaenger receiver
empfang receiving
empfehlung recommendation
empfinddlichkeit sensivity
empfindlichkeit sensibility
empfindlichkeiten sensivities
empfindung sentiment
empfindungen sentiments
empoerung indignations
emporkoemmling upstart
emporkoemmlinge upstarts
end- terminal
ende end
endlosigkeit infinity
endungen endings
energie energy
energieen energies
energien vigors
engel angel
englisch english
enkel grandchild
entdeckung detection
entdeckungen detections
ente duck
enten canards
enterich drake
entfernung distance
entfernungen remotenesses
entfuehrer kidnapper
entfuehrung kidnapping
entgelt hire
entgelte hires
enthusiasten enthusiasts
entlassung dismissal
entlassungen dismissals
entleiher borrower
entmutigung discouragement
entruestung indignation
entsagungen renunciations
entschaedigungen reparations
entscheidung arbitration
entscheidungen arbitrations
entschluesse resolutions
entschuldigung apology
entschuldigungen apologies
entspannung relaxation
enttaeuschung disappointment
entwickler developer
entwicklung developement
entwicklungen developments
entwurf design
entzuecken delight
entzuendung ignition
entzuendungen inflammations
epilog epilog
eraubnis allowance
erbe heir
erbin heiress
erblichkeit heredity
erbschaft heritage
erbschaften heritages
erbse pea
erbsen peas
erbstueck heirloom
erbteile inheritances
erdbeere strawberry
erdbeeren strawberries
erdnuesse peanuts
erdnuss peanut
erdrutsch landslide
erdrutsche landslides
ereignis event
ereignisse events
erfahrung experience
erfassung gathering
erfinder contrivancer
erfindung contrivance
erfindungen concoctions
erfolg prosperity
erfordernis requisite
erforscher explorer
erforschung exploration
erforschungen explorations
erfrischung refection
erfrischungen refections
erfuellung compliance
erfuellungen fulfillments
ergaenzung complement
ergaenzungen complements
ergebnis outcome
ergreifung seizure
ergreifungen seizures
erguesse effusions
erguss effusion
erhaltung preservation
erhebung levy
erhebungen levies
erhitzer boiler
erhoehung elevation
erinnerung memorization
erinnerungen reminders
erinnerungsluecken blackouts
erkenntnis cognition
erkenntnisse cognitions
erkennung recognition
erklaerung declaration
erklaerungen declarations
erkundung reconnaissance
erlaeuterung elucidation
erlaeuterungen elucidations
erlass writ
erlasse writs
erlaubnis admission
erlaubnisschein permit
erlaubnisse permissions
erleichterung relief
erleichterungen reliefs
erloes receipts
ermaechtigung authorization
ermuedung fatigue
ermutigungen encouragements
ernaehrung nutrition
ernennung nomination
ernennungen nominations
erneuerung renewal
erneuerungen renewals
ernst seriousness
ernte harvest
ernuechterung disillusion
ernuechterungen disillusions
eroberer conqueror
eroberung conquest
eroberungen captures
erosion erosion
erotik erotism
erpresser racketeer
erpressung blackmail
erpressungen blackmails
errichtung erection
errors errors
errungenschaften acquisitions
ersatz reparation
erscheinen occurence
erscheinung occurance
erscheinungen appearances
erschoepfung exhaustion
erschuetterung concussion
erschuetterungen concussions
ersparnis savings
ersparnisse savings
erstanwender newusers
erstarrung torpidity
erstaunen astonishment
erstellung building
ertrag yield
erwaehnung mention
erwaehnungen mentions
erwartung expectation
erwartungen expectations
erweiterer enhancer
erweitert enhanced
erweiterung extention
erweiterungen enhancements
erwerb acquisition
erwerber purchasers
erz ore
erzaehler narrator
erzaehlung narration
erzaehlungen narrations
erzeuger generators
erzeugung generation
erzieherin governess
erziehung breeding
esel ass
essig vinegar
etappe hop
etat budget
etikett etiquette
eule owl
eulen owls
euter udder
eventuell eventually
ewigkeit eternity
existenz existance
exkremente excrements
experiment experiment
experimente experiments
experte expert
expertengremium braintrust
exponenten exponentials
extrakt extraction
extrakte extractions
fREEWARE freeware
fabel fable
fabrik factory
fabrikat make
fabrikationen manufactures
fach panel
fachleute experts
fackel torch
fackeln torches
fackelschein torchlight
faden filament
fadennudeln vermicelli
faeden filaments
faehigkeit ability
faehigkeiten abilities
faehre ferry
faehren ferries
faehrleute watermen
faehrmann waterman
faehrte track
faelle cases
faelschung falsification
faelschungen falsifications
faerbung coloring
faerbungen colorings
faesschen keg
faesser barrels
faeuste fists
faeustling mitten
faeustlinge mittens
fahne ensign
fahnen ensigns
fahnenstange flagstaff
fahnenstangen flagstaffs
fahrad bicycle
fahrgast passenger
fahrgeld carfare
fahrgestell undercarriage
fahrkarte ticket
fahrlaessigkeit negligence
fahrplan time-table
fahrrad bicycle
fahrraeder bicycles
fahrschein ticket
fahrscheine tickets
fahrspur lane
fahrwerk undercarriage
fahrwerke undercarriages
fahrzeug vehicle
fahrzeug- automotive
fahrzeuge vehicles
fairness fairness
faktor factor
faktoren factors
falke falcon
falken falcons
fall- downstream
falle pitfall
fallen pitfalls
fallobst windfall
fallschirm parachute
fallschirme parachutes
fallschirmspringer parachutist
falltuer trapdoor
falltueren trapdoors
falschheit falsehood
falte fold
falter folder
familie family
familien families
fan bigot
fans bigots
farad farads
farbe color
farben colors
farm farm
farmen ranches
farmer rancher
farn fern
fasan pheasant
fasane pheasants
faser fiber
fasern fibers
fass barrel
faulenzer bum
faulheit sloth
faust fist
faustschlaege fisticuffs
favorit favorite
februar february
feder feather
federhalter penholder
federn feathers
fehlanpassung maladjustment
fehlanpassungen maladjustments
fehlbetraege deficits
fehlbetrag deficit
fehler blemish
fehlerstelle flaw
fehlfunktion malfunction
fehlschuss miss
feier celebration
feierlichkeit ceremony
feierlichkeiten ceremonies
feiertag holiday
feiertage feasts
feigling coward
feind enemy
feinde enemies
feindschaft enmities
feindseligkeit animosity
feinheit nicety
feinheiten niceties
feld array
felder arrays
feldzug campaign
felge rim
felgen rims
fell pelt
felle pelts
fels rock
felsen rock
fenchel fennel
fenster window
fensterfluegel casement
fenstersims ledge
ferien vacation
fern- remote
fernglas binocular
fernlehrgaenge telecourses
fernlehrgang telecourse
fernrohr telescope
fernrohre telescopes
fernschreiber teleprinter
fernsehen tv
fernseher televisor
fernsehsendung telecast
fesselung ravishment
fest festival
festigkeit firmness
festland continent
festlichkeit festivity
festlichkeiten festivities
festplatz fairground
fett grease
fettleibigkeit obesities
fettschrift boldface
fetzen frazzle
feuchtigkeit humidity
feuchtigkeiten moistures
feuer fire
feuerstein flint
feuersteine flints
fichte fir
fieber fever
figuren figures
film film
filter filters
finanz finance
finanz- finicial
finger finger
fingerarbeit fingertips
fingerhuete thimbles
fingerhut foxglove
fink finch
finsternis darkness
firmen- corporate
fisch fish
fischbein whalebone
fische fishes
fischer fisherman
fischerei fishery
fischmilch milt
flachheit flatness
flachs flax
flaeschchen phial
flagge flag
flamme blaze
flammen flames
flansch flange
flanschkupplung half-coupling
flasche bottle
flaschen bottles
flaum fluff
flechte lichen
flechten lichens
fleck speck
flecken specks
fledermaeuse bats
flegel churl
fleisch meat
fleischbruehe broth
fleischwolf mincer
fleiss diligence
flexibilitaet flexibility
flieder lilac
fliege fly
fliehgewicht flyweight
fliehkraft- centrifugal
flirt flirtation
flirts flirtations
flittchen hussies
flitterwochen honeymoon
flocke flake
flocken flakes
floehe fleas
floesse rafts
floete flute
floeten flutes
floh flea
floss float
flosse fin
flossen fins
flotten navies
fluch curse
flucht escape
flueche curses
fluechtling refugee
fluechtlinge refugees
fluege flights
fluegel wings
fluesse rivers
fluessigkeit liquor
fluessigkeiten liquids
flug flight
flughafen airport
flugzeug aeroplane
flugzeuge aeroplanes
flugzeughalle hangar
flugzeughallen hangars
flunder flounder
fluss flow
flusspferd hippopotamus
flut flow
flut- tidal
flutlicht floodlight
foerderer conveyor
foerderung delivery
foerderungen furtherances
foermlichkeit formality
foermlichkeiten formalities
foerster woodman
fohlen foal
folge suite
folgen sequels
folgerung implication
folgerungen inferences
forderung demand
forelle trout
formatierung formatting
formel formula
formeln formulas
formfeeds formfeeds
formlosigkeit informality
forscher researcher
forschung research
fortbewegung locomotion
fortschritt advance
fortschritte proceedings
fortsetzung continuation
fortsetzungen continuations
fotografie photograph
fracht cargo
frachtvertraege charters
fraeulein miss
frage query
fragebogen questionaire
fragen queries
fragesteller questioner
frankreich france
franzose frenchman
fratze grimace
fratzen grimaces
frau wife
frauen wives
frechheit effrontery
frechheiten effronteries
freigebigkeit munificence
freigebigkeiten munificences
freigiebigkeit bounty
freihand- freehand
freiheit freedom
freiheiten freedoms
freispruch acquittal
freitag friday
freitage fridays
freiwillige volunteers
freiwilliger volunteer
freizuegigkeit liberality
fremde strangers
fremder stranger
frequenz frequency
frequenzen frequencies
freude enjoyment
freuden enjoyments
freudenfest whoopee
freudenfeste whoopees
freudenfeuer bonfire
freund boyfriend
freunde friends
freundin girlfriend
freundlichkeit cheerfulness
freundschaft amity
freundschaften amities
friede peace
friedhoefe cemeteries
friedhof cementery
frische freshness
friseur barber
friseure coiffeurs
frist reprieve
fristen respites
froehlichkeit gaiety
froehlichkeiten mirths
froesche frogs
frosch frog
frost frost
frostbeule chilblain
frostbeulen chilblains
frtageboegen questionaires
frucht fruit
fruchtbarkeit fertility
fruechte fruits
fruehling spring
fruehstueck breakfast
frustration frustration
fuchs fox
fuchs- vulpine
fuchsie fuchsia
fuchsien fuchsias
fuechse foxes
fuehler tentacle
fuehrer captains
fuehrerschein driving-license
fuehrungen guidances
fuelle fullness
fuellen fillies
fueller fillers
fuellungen stuffings
fuerbitte intercession
fuerbitten intercessions
fuerwort pronoun
fuesse feet
fuhrleute carters
fuhrmann carter
fundament footing
fundamente basements
fungfrau virgin
funktion function
funktionen functions
funktionsweise functionality
furche furrow
furchen furrows
furcht dread
furnier veneer
furniere veneers
fuss foot
fussball football
fussballspieler kicker
fussboden floor
fussboeden floors
fussgaenger pedestrian
fussnote footnote
fussweg footpath
fusszeile footer
fusszeilen footers
futter fodder
gabe gift
gabel fork
gabelfruehstueck lunch
gabeln forks
gaben donations
gaense geese
gaensebluemchen daisies
gaenserich gander
gaertner gardener
gaerung fermentation
gaeste guests
gaestezimmer guestroom
gala- fulldress
galerie gallery
galgen gallows
galle bile
gallone gallon
gameport gameport
gang gait
gangster bandit
gans goose
ganzzahlen integers
garage garage
garagen garages
garantie warranty
garantieen guaranties
garantien guarantees
garderobe warderobe
garderoben warderobes
garten garden
gartenarbeit gardening
gartenbau horticulture
gartenweg garden-path
gassenjunge ragamuffin
gassenjungen ragamuffins
gast guest
gastfreundschaft hospitality
gasthaeuser taverns
gasthaus tavern
gasthoefe inns
gasthof inn
gatte husband
gatten spouses
gattin wife
gaumen palate
gauner knaves
gaunerei knavery
gaunereien knaveries
gaze gauze
geaechtete outlaws
geaechteter outlaw
gebaeck pastry
gebaermutter uterus
gebaeude building
gebet prayer
gebinde wreath
geblaese blower
gebot commandment
gebote commandments
gebraeu concoction
gebuehr tax
gebuesch shrubbery
gebuesche shrubberies
geburt birth
geburten nativities
geburts- natal
geburtshilfe midwifery
geburtshilfen midwiferies
geburtstag birthday
geburtstage birthdays
geburtswehen throes
gedaechtnis memory
gedaechtnisse memories
gedanke thought
gedankenstrich dash
gedicht ode
gedichte odes
gedraenge throng
geduld patience
gefaehrte companion
gefaelligkeit complaisance
gefaelligkeiten complaisances
gefaengnis jail
gefaengnisse jails
gefaess vessel
gefaesse vessels
gefahr danger
gefahren perils
gefangener prisoner
gefangenschaft captivity
gefangenschaften captivities
gefieder plumage
gefluegel fowl
gefluester whisper
gefraessigkeiten voracities
gefuehl emotion
gefuehle emotions
gegend region
gegenden districts
gegenleistung consideration
gegenseite opposition
gegenseitigkeit reciprocity
gegenstand object
gegenstueck analogue
gegenstuecke counterparts
gegenteil opposite
gegenwart presence
gegner adversaries
gehaelter stipends
gehalt salary
geheimmittel nostrum
geheimnis mystery
geheimnisse mysteries
gehilfe helpmate
gehilfen helpmates
gehirn brains
gehoeft farmstead
gehoefte farmsteads
gehoelz grove
gehoelze groves
gehorsam obedience
gehweg pavement
gehwege pavements
geier vulture
geige fiddle
geigen fiddles
geiger fiddler
geisel hostage
geiseln hostages
geist ghost
geister spirits
geistesblitz brainwave
geistlicher clergyman
geiz avarice
geizhaelse niggards
geizhals miser
geizkragen misers
geklaeff yelp
gelaechter guffaw
gelaender balustrade
gelaeut peal
gelage carousal
gelbsucht jaundice
geld money
geld- monetary
geldgeber investor
geldschrank safe
geldstueck coin
gelee jelly
gelees jellies
gelegenheit chance
gelegenheiten chances
gelehrigkeit docility
gelehrte savants
gelehrter savant
geleit convoy
geleitzuege convoys
geliebte lady-love
gemaelde paintings
gemeinden communities
gemeinheit baseness
gemeinheiten basenesses
gemeinschaft community
gemeinschaften corporations
gemisch medley
gemische miscellanies
gemuese vegetable
genauigkeit accuracy
genehmigung approval
generationen generations
generator generator
genesung convalescence
genialitaet ingenuity
genie genius
genies wizzes
genugtuung satisfaction
genuss gender
geometrie geometry
gepaeck baggage
gepaecktraeger porter
gepaeckwagen baggagecar
geraet device
geraete devices
geraeusch noise
geraeusche noises
gerber tanner
gerberei tannery
gerbereien tanneries
gerechtigkeit justice
gerippe scrag
geroell bolder
gerste barley
geruch odor
geruchs- olfactory
gerueche odors
geruecht rumor
geruechte rumors
geruest scaffold
gerueste scaffolds
gesaenge chants
gesaess buttocks
gesamt- over-all
gesamtheit entirety
gesamtheiten totalities
gesang chant
geschaeft business
geschaefte bargains
geschaeftsinhaber shopkeeper
geschaeftsleute tradesmen
geschaeftsmann businessman
geschenk present
geschenkkoerbe hampers
geschenkkorb hamper
geschichte history
geschichten tales
geschick skill
geschlecht sex
geschlechter sexes
geschlechts- venereal
geschlossenheit closeness
geschmack flavor
geschoss missile
geschosse missiles
geschrei clamor
geschwaetz flubdub
geschwindigkeit celerity
geschwindigkeiten celerities
geschworene jurors
geschworener juror
geschwuer ulcer
geschwuere ulcers
gesellschaft society
gesellschaften companionships
gesetz law
gesetze laws
gesicht face
gesichtswinkel viewpoint
gesindel vermins
gespenst spectre
gespraech conversation
gestaendnis confession
gestaenge linkage
gestalt figure
gestalten shapes
gestaltung formation
gestank stench
geste gesture
gestell rack
gestelle racks
gesten gestures
gestruepp brushwood
gesundheit health
gesundheits- sanitary
gesundheitspflege sanitation
getoese bluster
getraenk beverage
getraenke beverages
getreide cereal
getriebe gear
gewaechshaus greenhouse
gewaehrleistung warrantee
gewaender garbs
gewaesser waters
gewahrsam ward
gewalt force
gewalten mights
gewalttaetigkeiten outrages
gewalttaetikeit outrage
gewand garb
gewandtheit dexterity
gewebe texture
gewehr gun
gewehre guns
gewerkschaftler unionist
gewicht heft
gewichte hefts
gewinde thread
gewinn asset
gewinne winnings
gewinner winner
gewissen conscience
gewissenhaftigkeit consciousness
gewissensbisse remorse
gewitter tempest
gewoehnung customization
gewoelbe vault
gewohnheit custom
gewohnheiten customs
gewuerz spice
gezeiten tide
gier greed
giesserei foundry
giesskanne watering-can
gift poison
gifte poisons
giftstoff toxin
giftstoffe toxins
gipfel acme
girlande festoon
girlanden festoons
gitarre guitar
gitarren guitars
gitter grid
glaette sleekness
glaeubige believers
glaeubiger believer
glanz brilliance
glas glass
glaser glazier
glasuren glazes
glaube estimation
gleichfoermigkeit uniformity
gleichfoermigkeiten uniformities
gleichgewicht balance
gleichgueltigkeit indifference
gleichheit equality
gleichheitszeichen equals
gleichnis parable
gleichnisse parables
gletscher glacer
glied limb
glieder limbs
glocke bell
glockentuerme belfries
glockenturm belfry
glossen glosses
glueck luck
gluecklicherweise fortunately
gluecksfaelle lucks
glueckwunsch congratulation
gluehbirne bulb
glut fervency
gnom gnome
gnome gnomes
gobelin tapestry
goettin goddes
gold gold
goldklumpen nugget
golf gulf
golfe gulfs
gosse gutter
gossen gutters
gott god
gottheit deity
gottheiten deities
grab grave
graben ditch
grabstein tombstone
grabsteine tombstones
grad deg
gradation gradation
graeben ditches
graeber sepulchers
graeser grasses
grafik graphic
grafiken graphics
grafschaft county
gram grief
gramm gramme
grammatik grammar
gras grass
grasnarben sods
grat ridge
grate spines
graubaer grizzly
graubaeren grizzlies
grausamkeit cruelty
grausamkeiten cruelties
greisenalter senility
grenze boundary
grenzen boundaries
grenzstein landmark
grenzsteine landmarks
griff grasp
griffel pen
grill barbecue
grimm fierceness
grinsen grin
grippe influenza
groesse bulk
groessen magnitudes
grog toddy
grogs toddies
groll dudgeon
grossbuchstaben capitals
grosseltern grandparents
grosshaendler wholesaler
grosshandel wholesale
grossmut generosity
grossmutter grandmother
grossschrift capitalization
grossvater grandfather
grotte grotto
grotten grottoes
grube pit
gruben pits
gruen green
gruende reasons
gruender founder
gruendung foundation
gruendungen foundations
gruenschnabel sapling
gruenschnaebel saplings
gruenspan verdigris
gruesse greetings
grund ground
grundbesitz realty
grundbesitzungen realties
grundlagen fundamentals
grundlinie baseline
grundplatte bedplate
grundsaetze maxims
grundsatz maxim
gruppe group
gruppen groups
gruss salutation
gueltigkeit validity
gueltigkeiten validities
gueltigkeitspruefung validation
guenstling minion
guenstlinge minions
guertel belt
guete gentleness
gueter goods
gueterzug freighttrain
gulasch goulash
gummi gum
gummis rubbers
gunst favor
gurke cucumber
gurken gherkins
gurt girth
gurtbaender webbings
gurtband webbing
gurte girths
gussteil casting
gut manor
gutachter censor
hOME home
hOT hot
hZ hz
haar hair
haarbuerste hairbrush
haare hairs
haarnadel hairpin
haarnadeln hairpins
haarschnitt haircut
habgier cupidities
habicht hawk
habichte hawks
hacke hoe
hacken hoes
hackmesser chopper
haefen harbors
haeftling prisoner
haeftlinge prisoners
haehne cocks
haelfte half
haelften halves
haelse necks
haemmer hammers
haende hands
haendeschuetteln handshake
haendler dealer
haenge hillsides
haengematte hammock
haengematten hammocks
haerte hardness
haerten hardnesses
haeuschen lodge
haeuser houses
haeute skins
hafen harbor
haferflocken oatmeal
haft arrest
hagebutte haw
hagebutten haws
hagel hail
hagelschauer hailstorm
hahn cock
hai shark
haie sharks
haken crotchet
halb- demi
halbinsel peninsula
halbinseln peninsulas
halbkugel hemispheres
halbstarke mods
halle hall
hallo hello
hals neck
halsband collar
halsbunde neckbands
halschheit falseness
halskette necklace
halsketten necklaces
halstuch neckerchief
halstuecher neckerchiefs
halt halt
halte- retaining
haltegurt tether
halter holder
haltung attitude
haltungen attitudes
hammel mutton
hammer gavel
hand hand
handarbeit handiwork
handarbeiten handiworks
handbuch handbook
handel commerce
handels- marketing
handelsmarken trademarks
handgelenk wrist
handgelenke wrists
handgepaeck handluggage
handkoffer suitcase
handschrift handwriting
handschriften handwritings
handschuh glove
handschuhe gloves
handtasche gripsack
handtaschen gripsacks
handtuch towel
handtuecher towels
handvoll handful
handwerk handicraft
handwerker manufacturer
handzettel handbill
hanf hemp
hang hillside
hanswuerste tomfools
hanswurst tomfool
hardcopy hardcopy
harddisks harddisks
hardware hardware
harfe harp
harfen harps
harmonie harmony
harpune harpoon
harpunen harpoons
harresbreite hairbreadth
hartgeld specie
hartnaeckigkeiten obstinacies
harz resin
hase bunny
haselnuesse filberts
haselnuss filbert
hasen hares
hasenscharte harelip
hass hate
haube bonnet
hauben bonnets
hauch breeze
hauer tusk
haufen heap
haupt- cardinal
haupt.. master
hauptgeraet mainframe
hauptleitung trunking
hauptplatine motherboard
hauptquartier headquarters
hauptstadt metropolis
hauptwoerter nouns
hauptwort noun
haus house
hausarbeit homework
hausfrau housewife
hausfrauen housewives
hausgrundstueck premises
haushaelterin housekeeper
haushalt household
haushalte households
haushaltung housekeeping
hausierer huckster
hausmeister caretaker
haustuer frontdoor
haut skin
header headers
hebamme midwife
hebammen midwifes
hebel lever
hebelkraft leverage
hecke hedge
hecken hedges
heer army
heftigkeiten vehemences
heftklammer staple
heftklammern staples
heftpflaster plaster
heide heather
heideland wold
heil salvation
heilbutt halibut
heiligenschein nimbus
heiligkeit sanctity
heiligkeiten sanctities
heiligtuemer sanctuaries
heiligtum sanctuary
heilmittel remedies
heimlichkeit secrecy
heimlichkeiten secrecies
heimweh nostalgia
heirat marriage
heiraten marriages
heiterkeit serenity
heiterkeiten serenities
heizer stoker
heizkoerper radiator
heizung firing
heizungen firings
heldin heroine
heldinnen heroines
helfer backer
helligkeit brightness
hellseher clairvoyant
helm helmet
helme helmets
hemd chemise
hemden shirts
hemisphere hemisphere
hemmschuh skid
hemmschuhe skids
hemmungen inhibitions
hengst stallion
hengste stallions
henker hangman
henne hen
herabsetzung decremented
herabsetzungen reductions
herausforderung challenge
herausforderungen defiances
herausgeber publishers
herberge harborage
herbergen harborages
herbst autumn
hercules hercules
herd hearth
herde flock
herden flocks
hering herring
herkunft parentage
herr mr
herren gents
herrin mistress
herrinnen mistresses
herrschaft dominion
herrschaften masteries
herrscher sovereign
herstellend manufacturing
herz heart
herzen hearts
herzklopfen palpitation
hetze chevy
heu hay
heuchelei hypocrisy
heucheleien hypocrisies
heuchler hypocrite
heuhaufen haycock
heuschrecke grasshopper
heuschrecken locusts
hexe hag
hexen hags
hexerei witchcraft
hexereien witchcrafts
hilfe help
hilfefile helpfile
hilflosigkeit helplessness
hilfs- auxiliary
hilfsmittel resource
hilfsquellen resources
himbeere raspberry
himbeeren raspberries
himmel heaven
himmelskoerper luminaries
hindernis hindrance
hindernisse barriers
hingebung devotion
hintergruende backgrounds
hintergrund background
hintertuer back-door
hinterwaeldler backwoodsman
hinweis clue
hinweise hints
hirn brain
hirnhautentzuendung meningitis
hirsch hart
hirsche harts
hirse millet
hirt herder
hitze ardency
hitzkoepfe spitfires
hitzkopf hothead
hobbies hobbies
hobby fad
hochland upland
hochruf cheer
hochrufe cheers
hochzeit wedding
hochzeiten weddings
hochzeits- nuptial
hocker stool
hoden testicle
hoechstleistung tilt
hoecker humps
hoeflichkeit civility
hoeflichkeiten civilities
hoehe altitude
hoehen heights
hoehepunkt climax
hoehepunkte climaxes
hoehle cave
hoehlen burrows
hoelle hell
hoelzer lumbers
hoerensagen hearsay
hoerer hearer
hoerner cornets
hof court
hoffnung hope
hohlraum cavity
holz lumber
holzkohle charcoal
holzkohlen charcoals
holzschnitt woodcut
holzschnitte woodcuts
holzschraube woodscrew
honig honey
horizont horizon
horizonte horizons
horn cornet
hornisse hornet
hornissen hornets
hose pants
hosen trousers
hotel hotel
hotelpage bellhop
hotels hotels
hotkey hotkey
hubschrauber gyroplane
huefte haunch
hueften haunches
huegel hill
huegelchen hillock
huehner hens
huelle envelope
huellen wrappers
huelse husk
huelsen husks
huendin bitch
huendinnen bitches
huerde hurdle
huerden hurdles
huete hats
huette cottage
huetten hovels
hufeisen horseshoe
huhn hen
huldigung homage
huldigungen homages
hummel bumblebee
hummer lobster
humor humor
hund dog
hunde dogs
hunde- canine
hunderte hundreds
hundertster hundredth
hunger hunger
hungern starvation
hungersnot famine
hure harlot
huren harlots
husten cough
hut hat
hyaene hyaena
hyaenen hyaenas
hyazinthe hyacinth
hyazinthen hyacinths
hymne hymn
hymnen hymns
hypothekenschuldner mortgager
hypothese hypothesis
i-Profil i-section
iBM ibm
iEEE ieee
iNHALT contents
iches inches
idealismus idealism
idee conception
ideen conceptions
identifizierung identification
identifizierungsmerkmale identifiers
identifizierungszeichen identifier
identitaet identity
idiot blockhead
idioten blockheads
idole idols
igel hedgehog
ihr your
ihre yours
illusion illusion
illusionen illusions
illustrationen illustrations
iltis polecat
iltisse polecats
imbiss snack
impfstoff vaccine
impfstoffe vaccines
impfung vaccination
impfungen vaccinations
import importation
inbesitznahme occupation
inbetriebnahme implementing
indikator indicator
indikatoren indicators
indiskretion indiscretion
indiskretionen indiscretions
individualitaet individuality
industrie industry
information information
informationen informations
ingenieur engineer
ingenieure engineers
ingwer ginger
inhaber holder
inhalt content
inhalte tenors
initiale initials
initialisiere initialize
initialisierung initialization
initiative initiative
initiierung initiation
injektion injection
injektionen injections
innenteil core
innung guild
innungen guilds
insasse inmate
insassen inmates
insekt insect
insel insular
inseln insulars
installation installing
installationen installations
installierbar installable
installierung installation
integritaet integrity
intellektueller egghead
intelligenz intelligence
intensitaet intensity
interesse interest
interface inferface
international international
interpreter interpreter
interpunktation punctuation
intervall interval
intervalle intervals
interview interview
intriege intrigue
intriegen intrigues
intrigant intriguer
intriganten intriguers
inventar inventory
invertierung inverting
investition investment
ionisierung ionization
ionosphaere ionosphere
ire irishman
irin irishwoman
irland ireland
irre morons
irrenhaeuser madhouses
irrenhaus madhouse
irrer moron
irrglaube misbelief
irrtum error
island iceland
italic italics
italien italy
ja yes
jacken coats
jaeger hunter
jahr year
jahre years
jahrestag anniversary
jahrestage anniversaries
jahreszeit season
jahreszeiten seasons
jahrhundert century
jahrhunderte centuries
jahrmarkt fair
januar jan
japaner nisei
jazz jazz
jeder everybody
jedoch however
jenseits kingdom-come
jod iodine
jolle yawl
jollen yawls
journal journal
journalismus journalism
joystick joystick
joysticks joysticks
jubilaeum jubilee
jude jew
juedin jewess
jugend boyhood
juli jul
junfer spinster
junfern spinsters
junfraeulichkeit maidenhead
junge boy
jungesellen bachelors
jungfraeulichkeit virginity
jungfrauen virgins
junggeselle bachelor
juni june
jurist judge
juwel jewel
juwelen jewels
kabel cable
kabeljau cod
kabine cabin
kabinen cabins
kabinett cabinet
kabinette cabinets
kadaver carcases
kadett cadet
kadetten cadets
kaefer beetle
kaefig cage
kaefige cages
kaelber calves
kaelte coldness
kaemme combs
kaempfe combats
kaempfer combatant
kaenguruh kangoroo
kaenguruhs kangoroos
kaese cheese
kaesekuchen cheesecakes
kaesten bins
kaetzchen catkin
kaeufer buyer
kaeuzchen screechowi
kaeuze codgers
kaffee coffee
kai wharf
kais wharfs
kakadu cockatoo
kakadus cockatoes
kakao cacao
kalb calf
kalbfleisch veal
kalender calendar
kamel camel
kamele camels
kamerad buddy
kameraden buddies
kameradschaft fellowship
kameras cameras
kamille camomile
kamin chimney
kamine chimneys
kaminplatte mantelpiece
kamm comb
kammer chamber
kampf campaigns
kanada canada
kanaele canals
kanal canal
kanalisation sewerage
kanalisationen sewerages
kandidaten candidates
kandis candy
kaninchen rabbit
kanne tankard
kannen tankards
kannibale cannibal
kannibalen cannibals
kanone cannon
kanonen cannons
kantine canteen
kantinen canteens
kapazitaet capacity
kapelle chapel
kapellen chapels
kapellmeister bandmaster
kapern capers
kapitaen captain
kapitel chapters
kappe cap
kapriole caper
kapsel capsule
kapseln capsules
karikatur caricature
karikaturen cartoons
karneval carnival
karomuster chequers
karpfen carp
karre barrow
karte card
karten cards
karten-Nr. cardnumber
kartoffel potato
kartoffeln potatoes
karton cardboard
kartons cartons
kaserne barracks
kassette cartridge
kassetten caskets
kassierer cashier
kastanien chestnuts
kasten chest
katalog catalog
kataloge catalogues
katalogisierung cataloging
kategorie category
kategorieen categories
katze cat
katzen cats
kauderwelsch gibberish
kaufen buying
kaufleute merchants
kaufmann merchant
kaulquappe tadpole
kaulquappen tadpoles
kaution bail
kauz codger
kegel cone
kegeln ninepins
kehle gorge
kehlen goals
kehlkopf larynx
keks biscuit
kekse biscuits
kelch chalice
kelche chalices
kelle dipper
kellen dippers
keller cellar
kellner butlers
kellnerin waitress
kellnerinnen waitresses
kenner connoisseur
kenntnis knowledge
kennzeichen badges
kerbe dent
kerker dungeon
kerl guy
kerle guys
kern core
kern- nuclear
kerne cores
kernpunkt nub
kernpunkte quintessences
kernstuecke nubs
kerze candle
kerzen candles
kessel boiler
kette catena
ketzerei heresy
keuschheit chastity
kibitz kibitzer
kibitze kibitzers
kiefer jaw
kiefern pines
kiel keel
kieme gill
kiemen gills
kies gravel
kieselstein pebble
kieselsteine pebbles
kind child
kinder children
kindermaedchen nannies
kinderzimmer nurseries
kindheit childhood
kindheiten infancies
kinn chin
kino cinema
kinos cinemas
kirche church
kirchen churches
kirchhoefe churchyards
kirchhof churchyard
kirchtuerme steeples
kirchturm steeple
kirsche cherry
kirschen cherries
kissen cushion
kisten chests
klaeger plaintiff
klaerung clarification
klaerungen clearances
klage lament
klagen complaints
klammer brace
klammern braces
klapperschlange rattlesnake
klapperschlangen rattlesnakes
klaps dab
klapse dabs
klarheit clarity
klarheiten clarities
klasse class
klassen classes
klatschbase telltale
klatschbasen telltales
klaue claw
klauen claws
klavier piano
klaviere pianos
klecks blot
kleckse blots
klee trefoil
kleeblaetter shamrocks
kleeblatt shamrock
kleid dress
kleider clothes
kleiderschrank wardrobe
kleidung clothing
kleie bran
kleinigkeit trifle
kleinschrift lowercase
kleinstcomputer minicomputer
kleinverkauf retail
klempner plumber
klick click
klima climate
klinge blade
klingel bell
klingeln bells
klinker clinker
kloester monasteries
kloetze chumps
klopfer beater
kloster monastry
klotz chump
kluempchen clot
klugheit cleverness
klumpen clump
knabe boy
knall bang
knastbruder jailbird
knastbrueder jailbirds
knechte menials
kneifzange pincers
kneipe pub
kneipen pubs
knie knee
kniehosen breeches
kniff knack
knirps tot
knirpse tots
knoblauch garlic
knochen bone
knoechel ankle
knoepfe knobs
knolle bulb
knollen tubers
knopf button
knorpel cartilage
knospe bud
knoten kink
knoten- nodal
knueppel bludgeon
kobold elf
kobolde elfs
kocher boiler
kochnische kitchenette
kochplatte boilerplate
kochtoepfe saucepans
kochtopf saucepan
koeder bait
koenig king
koenige kings
koenigin queen
koenigreich kingdom
koenigreiche kingdoms
koepfe heads
koerbe baskets
koernchen granule
koerner grains
koerper bodies
koerperbau physique
koerperschaft corporation
koeter tyke
koffer bag
kohl cabbage
kohle coal
kohlen coals
koje bunk
kojen bunks
kokospalme coco
kolben piston
kolben- reciproating
kolibri hummingbird
kolik colic
koliken colics
kollege colleague
kollegen colleagues
koller tantrum
kollision collision
kollisionen collisions
kolonialwarenhaendler grocer
kolonie colony
kombination combination
kombinationen combinations
kombuese caboose
kombuesen cabooses
komfort comfort
komission comission
komissionen comissions
komma comma
kommata commas
kommentar commentary
kommentare comments
kommunikation communication
kommunikationen communications
kommunismus communism
komoedie comedy
komoedien comedies
kompaktheit compactness
kompass compass
kompatibilitaet compatibility
kompensation compensation
komplikation complication
kompliment compliment
komplize accomplice
komplizen accomplices
komponente component
komponenten components
kompression compression
kompressor compressor
kompromiss compromise
konfekt confection
konferenz conference
konferenzen conferences
konfiguration configuaration
konfigurationen configurations
konflikt conflict
konkurrent competitor
konkurrenten competitors
konkurs bankruptcy
konkurse bankruptcies
konsequent consequential
konsequenz consequence
konsole bracket
konstruiert constructs
konstruktion construction
kontakt contact
kontinente continents
kontrast contrast
konvention convention
konventionen conventions
konverter converter
konzept concept
konzepte concepts
konzert concert
konzerte concerts
koordinate coordinate
koordinaten coordinates
koordination coordination
kopf pate
kopfkissen pillow
kopfnuesse clouts
kopfnuss clout
kopfschmerz headache
kopfschmerzen headache
kopfzeile headline
kopien copies
koppler coupler
koralle coral
korallen corals
korb basket
korn grain
korrektur correction
korrekturen corrections
korrespondenz correspondence
kost food
kostbarkeit costliness
kostbarkeiten costlinesses
kosten expense
kot excrement
kotelett chop
koteletts chops
kotfluegel mudguard
kotletts cutlets
krabbe shrimp
krabben crab
kraefte strengths
kraemer chandler
kraempfe cramps
kraenkung mortification
kraenkungen mortifications
kraeuter herbs
kraft force
kraftfahrzeug autocar
kraftfahrzeuge autocars
kragen collar
kralle talon
krallen talons
krampf cramp
krampfader varicose
krampfadern varicoses
kran crane
kranich crane
kraniche cranes
krankenhaeuser hospitals
krankenhaus hospital
krankheit disease
krankheiten diseases
kranz annulus
kraut herb
krawate tie
krawatte necktie
krebs cancer
kreide chalk
kreis circle
kreise circles
kreisel- centrifugal
kreislaeufe circuits
kreislauf circuitry
kreisprozess cycle
kreml kremlin
kreuz cross
kreuzungen hybrids
kreuzwort crossword
kriecher creeper
kriecherei servility
kriechereien servilities
krieg war
kriege wars
krieger warrior
krippe manger
krippen mangers
krise crises
kriterium criterion
kritik criticism
kritiker censors
kroenung coronation
kroenungen coronations
kroete toad
kroeten toads
krone crown
kronen crowns
kronleuchter lustres
kruege jars
kruemel crumb
kruemmung crook
kruemmungen curvatures
krueppel cripple
krug jar
kruste crust
krusten crusts
kuchen cake
kuckuck cuckoo
kuebel tub
kueche cuisine
kuechen cuisines
kuegelchen pellet
kuehe cows
kuehle coolness
kuehlmittel coolant
kuehlschraenke fridges
kuehlschrank refrigerator
kuehlung cooling
kuehnheit hardihood
kueken chicken
kuenste arts
kuenstler artist
kuerbis pumpkin
kuerbisse gourds
kuerze brevity
kuerzung abridgement
kuerzungen abridgements
kueste coast
kuesten coasts
kuester sexton
kugel ball
kugeln bullets
kuh cow
kummer grief
kunde client
kunden clients
kundgebung manifestation
kundgebungen manifestations
kundschaft clientele
kunst art
kunstgriff artifice
kunstseide rayon
kunststoff plastics
kupfer copper
kuppel dome
kuppeln domes
kuppler pimp
kurbelgehaeuse crankcase
kurbelwange crankweb
kurbelzapfen crankpin
kursiv cursive
kursivschrift italic
kurve bend
kurven curves
kurzwaren haberdashery
kurzwelle shortwave
kuss kiss
kutsche coach
kutschen coaches
kutte cowl
kutten cowls
labyrinth maze
labyrinthe mazes
lachen laughter
lachs salmon
lachse salmons
ladeluftkuehlung intercooling
laden downloading
ladentisch counter
ladeprogramm loader
ladungen cargos
laecheln smile
laeger storehouses
laehmung palsy
laemmer lambs
laender countries
laenge footage
laengen longitudes
laerche larches
laerm din
laetzchen bib
laeufer runner
laeuse lice
lage site
lager bearing
lagerhaus warehouse
lagerung storage
lakritz licorice
lametta tinsel
lamm lamb
lampe lamp
lampen lamps
lampenschirm lampshade
lampenschirme lampshades
land country
landesgrenze frontier
landkarte map
landschaft landscape
landschaften landscapes
landstreicher tramp
landung landing
landwirt farmer
landwirtschaft husbandry
langeweile boredom
langlebigkeit longevity
langschrift longhand
lanze lance
lappen lobe
larve larva
larven larvas
laser laser
lasso lariat
lassos lariats
last burden
lasten encumbrances
lastwagen lorries
laterne lantern
laternen lanterns
latte lath
latten laths
laub foliage
laube bower
lauben bowers
lauch leeks
lauf course
lauffeuer wildfire
laufring race
laufwerk drive
laufwerke drives
laufzeit milage
laufzeiten milages
laune caprice
launen caprices
laus louse
laute lute
lauten lutes
lautstaerke loudness
lavendel lavender
layout layout
layouts layouts
leben life
lebensalter age
lebenserwartung lifespan
lebensmittel provisions
lebensmittelgeschaeft grocery
lebensmittelgeschaefte groceries
lebensmittelhaendler grocer
lebenszeit lifetime
leber liver
lebhaftigkeit liveliness
lebhaftigkeiten vivacities
lebkuchen gingerbread
lebzeiten lifetimes
leck leak
lecken leakages
leckerbissen delicacies
leder buff
leere emptiness
leerfelder spaces
leerlauf idle
leerstelle blankspace
leertaste spacebar
leerzeichen blanks
legenden fables
lehm clay
lehnstuehle armchairs
lehnstuhl armchair
lehre apprenticeship
lehren doctrines
lehrer teachers
lehrerin schoolmistress
lehrfach subject
lehrling apprentice
lehrlinge apprentices
leib body
leibschmerzen stomach-ache
leibwaechter bodyguard
leichenhalle mortuary
leichenhallen mortuaries
leichenschauhaus morgue
leichentuch shroud
leichentuecher shrouds
leichenwagen hearse
leichtfertigkeiten levities
leichtigkeit facility
leichtigkeiten facilities
leichtsinn flippancy
leid harm
leiden ailment
leidenschaft passion
leidenschaften passions
leidtragende mourners
leidtragender mourner
leihe loan
leihen loans
leihhaeuser pawnshops
leihhaus pawnshop
leim glue
leinen linen
leiste ledge
leisten ledges
leistungsaufnahme input
leistungsverhalten performance
leistungsvermoegen capacities
leiter ladder
leiterin managress
leitfaden textbook
leitfaeden textbooks
leitlinien guidelines
leitung conduction
leitungen conductions
leitungsnetz mains
lektion lesson
lektionen lessons
lektuere lecture
lende loin
lerche skylark
lerchen skylarks
lesbarkeit legibility
leser reader
leuchter candlestick
leugnen denial
leute folk
licht light
lichtung glade
lichtungen glades
lid lid
lider lids
liebe love
liebling darling
lieblinge pets
lied song
lieder ballads
lieferant supplier
lieferanten suppliers
lieferung delivery
liga league
lightpens lightpens
lilie lilly
lilien lillies
limonade lemonade
limousine sedan
limousinen sedans
linderungsmittel palliative
linie line
linienfahrzeug liner
linse lens
linsen lenses
lippe lip
lippen lips
lippenstift lipstick
lippenstifte lipsticks
liqidationen liquidations
liste list
listen wiles
listings listings
liter litre
literatur literature
lizenz liscense
lizenzen licenses
lizenzgeber licensor
lizenznehmer licensee
lob praise
loch hole
locke curl
locken curls
loecher holes
loeffel spoon
loeschen erasure
loescher blotter
loesung lotion
loesungen lotions
loesungsmittel solvent
loewe lion
loewen lions
loewin lioness
logos logos
lohnempfaenger wage-earner
londoner cockney
lorbeer laurel
losung watchword
losungen watchwords
lot plummet
luchs lynx
luchse lynxes
luecke gap
luecken gaps
luefter fan
luege lie
luegner liar
luemmel boor
luester chandelier
luestling voluptuary
luestlinge voluptuaries
luft air
luftpost air-mail
luftroehre windpipe
luftroehren windpipes
luftschlitz louvre
luftspiegelung mirage
luftspiegelungen mirages
luftstrom airflow
lufttaxen aerocabs
lufttaxi aerocab
lumpensammler ragman
lunge lung
lungen lungs
lungenentzuendung pneumonia
lupine lupin
lupinen lupins
lust delight
lustspiel comedy
luxus luxuries
mB mbyte
mInnesaenger minstrel
mSDOS msdos
macher wright
macht might
macros macros
made maggot
maden maggots
maedchen girl
maedchenzeit girlhood
maehne mane
maehnen manes
maengel deficiencies
maenner men
maennlichkeit manhood
maennlichkeiten virilities
maentel cloaks
maerchen fairy-tale
maerkte markets
maertyrer martyr
maerz mar
maessigung moderation
maessigungen temperances
maetzchen hokum
maeuse mice
magazin magazine
magen stomach
magnet lodestone
magnete lodestones
magnetismus magnetism
mahl dinner
mahlzeit meal
mahlzeiten meals
mai may
maibaeume maypoles
maibaum maypole
mais corn
majestaet majesty
makaroni macaroni
makler broker
makrele mackerel
makrelen mackerels
makro macro
makrone macaroon
makronen macaroons
maler painter
malz malt
manager manager
mandarine tangerine
mandarinen tangerines
mandat mandate
mandate mandates
mandel tonsil
mandelentzuendung quinsy
mandelentzuendungen quinsies
mandeln tonsils
mangel deficiency
manipulation manipulation
manipulationen manipulations
mann man
mannschaft team
mannschaften teams
mannschaftsfuehrer teamster
manschette sleeve
manschetten wristbands
mantel cloak
manual manual
manuale manuals
marder marten
mark marrow
marke marker
markiert tagged
markierung indentation
markierungen indentations
markt market
marktplatz marketplace
marktschreier mountebank
marmelade jam
marmor marble
marsch march
masche mesh
maschen meshes
maschine engine
maschinen machines
maschinenbau engineering
maschinerien machineries
masern measles
maske mask
masken masks
maskerade masquerade
maskeraden masquerades
maskierend masking
maskottchen mascot
mass gauge
masse metrics
masseinheit measurement
massen bulks
massiv massif
massive massifs
massnahme sanction
massnahmen sanctions
mast mast
masten masts
material material
materialien materials
mathematiker mathematician
matratze mattress
matratzen mattresses
matrix matrix
matrose sailor
matsch sludge
matte mat
matten mats
mattigkeit languor
mauer wall
mauer- mural
maultier mule
maultiere mules
maulwurfshuegel molehill
maurer bricklayer
maus mouse
maxima maximums
maximum maximum
mechaniker mechanic
mechanismus mechanism
medaillon locket
medaillons lockets
medizin medicine
meer sea
meere oceans
meeresfruechte seafood
megabyte megabyte
mehl flour
mehltau mildew
mehrheit majority
mehrheiten majorities
mehrzahl plural
meile mile
meilen miles
meilenstein cornerstone
meilensteine milestones
meineid perjury
meineide perjuries
meinung opinion
meinungen opinions
meise titmouse
meisen titmice
meissel chisel
meisterschaft championship
meisterschaften championships
meisterstueck masterpiece
meisterstuecke masterpieces
meldung message
meldungen messages
melodie melody
melodien melodies
melone melon
melonen melons
menge crowd
mengen crowds
menschenfeind misanthrope
menschenfeinde misanthropes
menschenfresser ogre
menschenfreund philanthropist
menschheit mankind
menschlichkeit humanity
mentalitaet mentality
mentalitaeten mentalities
menue menu
menues menus
menuett minuet
menuette minuets
meridian meridian
merkmale tees
messer knife
messgeraet gauge
messing brass
messstab dipstick
messungen measurements
metall metal
metalle metals
metallueberzug plating
metapher metaphor
metaphern metaphors
meteor meteor
meteore meteors
meter meter
methode method
methoden methods
metzger butcher
meuterei mutiny
meutereien mutinies
meuterer mutineer
micro- micro
microsekunde microsecond
microvolt microvolt
miene air
mienen miens
miete lease
mieter lodger
mietshaus tenement
mietwohnung flat
mikrocomputer microcomputers
mikrofon microphone
mikrofone microphones
mikroprozessor microprocessor
mikrosekunden microseconds
mikroskop microscope
mikroskope microscopes
milch milk
milchmaenner milkmen
milchmann milkman
milde clemency
milliarde billions
millimeter millimeter
millionaer millionaire
millionaere millionaires
millisekunden milliseconds
minderheit minority
minderheiten minorities
minderjaehriger minor
minderjaehrigkeit nonage
minderwertigkeit inferiority
minderwertigkeiten inferiorities
mineral mineral
mineralwasser minerals
minimum minimum
ministerien ministries
ministerium ministry
minnesaenger minstrels
minute minute
minuten minutes
minze mint
mischling hybrid
mischlinge mongrels
mischmasch hotpotch
mischung mixture
missbilligung disapprobation
missbilligungen disapprovals
missbrauch misusage
misserfolg failure
missfallen disfavor
missgeschick misadventure
misslingen miscarriage
missstaende nuisances
missstand nuisance
mist muck
mistel mistletoe
misteln mistletoes
mistgabel muckrake
mistgabeln muckrakes
miterbe coheir
miterben coheirs
mitesser blackhead
mitgefuehl sympathy
mitglied member
mitgliedschaft membership
mitgliedschaften memberships
mitleid charity
mitleit pity
mitschueler schoolfellow
mitschuld complicity
mittag midday
mittage noons
mittagessen lunch
mitte centre
mittel means
mittel- medial
mittelmeer- mediterranean
mittelsmaenner middlemen
mittelsmann middleman
mitten middles
mitternacht midnight
mittwoch wednesday
mitwirkung concurrence
mixer blender
mode fashion
modell model
modelle models
modem modem
modems modems
modistin milliner
modistinnen milliners
module module
modus mode
moebel furniture
moeglichkeit possibility
moehre carrot
moehren carrots
moench friar
moenche friars
moepse pugs
moerder assassin
moerderin murderess
moertel mortar
moewe gull
moewen gulls
molkerei dairy
moment instant
momente moments
monat month
monate monthes
mond moon
mond- lunar
monde moons
mondlicht moonlight
monitor monitor
monitore monitors
monsun monsoon
montag monday
montage assembly
montagen fittings
monteur fitter
moor fen
moore fens
moos moss
mop mop
mops pug
morast morass
mord murder
morgen acre
morgendaemmerung dawn
morgenemfang levee
morgenempfaenge levees
morphium morphia
morse morse
mosaik mosaic
mosaiken mosaics
moschee mosque
moscheen mosques
moschus musk
moskito mosquito
moskitos mosquitos
motiv motif
motor motor
motorhaube bonnet
motorradfahrer motorcyclist
motte moth
motten mothes
muecke gnat
muecken gnats
muede tired
muedigkeit weariness
muedigkeiten wearinesses
muehe trouble
muehle mill
muehlen mills
muehlstein millstone
muehlsteine millstones
mueller miller
muender mouthes
muendung orifice
muendungen orifices
muenze coin
muenzen coins
muetter mothers
muetze cap
muff muff
mull mull
multicolor multicolor
multifrequenz multifrequency
multiplikation multiplication
mund mouth
mundart idiom
mundstueck mouthpiece
munition munitions
mus mush
muschel mussel
muscheln scallops
museen museums
museum museum
musik music
musikpavillon bandstand
muskatnuesse nutmegs
muskatnuss nutmeg
muskel muscle
muskeln muscles
musse leisure
muster sample
mut audacity
mutlosigkeit chill
mutter mother
mutterschaft maternity
muttersprache mother-tongue
myrrhe myrrh
mythen myths
mythos myth
nabe hub
nabel navel
nachahmung imitation
nachahmungen imitations
nachbar neighbor
nachbarn neighbors
nachbarschaft neighborhood
nachbarschaften vicinities
nachbildung emulation
nachdruck emphasis
nacherwaermung reheat
nachforschung search
nachkomme descendant
nachkommen descendants
nachlaessigkeit negligence
nachlaessigkeiten negligences
nachlass bequest
nachmittag afternoon
nachname surname
nachnamen surnames
nachricht news
nachrichten newscast
nachsicht charities
nacht night
nachteil disadvantage
nachteile disadvantages
nachteinbruch nightfall
nachthemd nighties
nachtigall nightingale
nachtigallen nightingales
nachtisch dessert
nachtmuetze nightcap
nachtmuetzen nightcaps
nachtwache vigil
nachtwachen vigils
nachwirkung aftermath
nachwirkungen aftermathes
nachwort epilogue
nacken neck
nacktheit nakedness
nadel needle
nadelbaeume conifers
nadelbaum conifer
nadeln needles
naechte nights
naegel nails
naehe nearness
naeherin seamstress
naeherinnen seamstresses
naehmaschine sewing-machine
naehrmittel nutriments
nagel nail
nagetiere rodents
nahrung nourishment
naht seam
name name
namen names
namensvetter namesake
namensvettern namesakes
narbe scar
narben scars
narkose narcosis
narr fool
narzisse daffodil
narzissen daffodils
nase nose
nasen noses
nasenloch nostril
nasenloecher nostrils
nasenstueber fillip
nation nation
nationalitaet nationality
nationalitaeten nationalities
natter viper
nattern vipers
natuerlichkeit naturalness
natuerlichkeiten naturalnesses
natur nature
naturalist naturalist
naturalisten naturalists
navigation navigation
nebel fog
neben beneath
neben- auxiliary
nebeneinkuenfte perquisites
nebengebaeude outbuilding
nebenhandlung underplot
nebenhandlungen underplots
neffe nephew
neffen nephews
neger blackamoors
negerin negress
negerinnen negresses
neid envy
neigung aptitude
neigungen aptitudes
neopren neoprene
nerv nerve
nervositaet flurry
nervositaeten nervousnesses
nerz mink
nerze minks
nessel nettle
nesseln nettles
nest nest
nettigkeit neatness
netz net
netze nets
netzwerke networks
neuanpassung readjustment
neuanpassungen readjustments
neubooten rebooting
neudefinition redefinition
neuerung denouement
neuerungen innovations
neugierde curiosity
neuheit novelty
neuheiten novelties
neuigkeiten news
neuinstallation reinstalling
neuling greenhorn
neulinge novices
neurose neurosis
neutralitaet neutrality
neutrum neuter
nichtachtung disrespect
nichte niece
nichten nieces
nichtigkeit nullity
nichtigkeiten nullities
nichtraucher nonsmoker
nichtsein nonentities
nichtssein nonentity
nickel nickel
niederlage defeat
niederlagen discomfitures
nippel nipple
nische alcove
nischen alcoves
niveau level
nixe mermaid
nixen mermaids
nocken cam
nockenwelle camshaft
noete hardships
nonnenkloster nunneries
nord north
norden north
not hardship
not- emergency
notar notary
notare notaries
notbefelf makeshift
notbehelfe makeshifts
notizblaetter notepads
notizblatt notepad
notizbuch note-book
notizbuecher notebooks
notizen notices
notizpapier notepaper
notlager shakedown
notwendigkeit necessary
notwendigkeiten necessities
november november
nudel noodle
nudeln noodles
nuechternheit soberness
nuesse nuts
nuetzlichkeit usefulness
null null
nullast no-load
nummer number
nummerierung numeration
nummerierungen numerations
nummern numbers
nuss nut
nussknacker nutcracker
nussschale nutshell
nussschalen nutshells
nut groove
nutte slut
nutten sluts
nutzanwendungen utilizations
nutzbarkeit usability
nutzbarmachung utilization
nutzen profit
nutzlast payload
o-Ring o-seal
oK okay
oTL otl
oase oasis
oasen oases
oberbegriff genus
oberfaechen surfaces
oberflaeche surface
obergrenze ceiling
oberleitungsfahrzeug trolleys
oberlicht skylight
oberteil entablature
objekte objects
obligation bond
obst fruit
obstgarten orchard
obstkuchen fruitcakes
ochse bullock
ochsen oxen
ochsenschwanz oxtail
oefen ovens
oeffner opener
oeffnung aperture
oeffnungen apertures
oel oil
oelkanal oilway
oertlichkeit locality
oertlichkeiten localities
ofen oven
offenbarung disclosure
offenbarungen revelations
offenheit frankness
oh, ohm
ohantome phantoms
ohm ohms
ohnmacht swoon
ohr ear
oktober oct
olive olive
oliven olives
oma granny
onkel uncle
oper opera
operand operand
operanden operands
opern operas
opfer sacrifice
optiker optician
optimierer optimizer
optimierung optimization
optimierungen optimizations
optimismus optimism
optimum optimum
optional optionally
optionen options
orange orange
orchidee orchid
orden medal
ordner formatters
ordnungs- ordinal
organisation organization
organisationen organizations
orgel organ
orgeln organs
orgie orgy
orgien orgies
orientierung orientation
originalitaet originality
ort place
osten east
ostern easter
oszilator oscillator
otter otter
ottern otters
ovale ovals
overlay overlay
oxydation oxidation
ozean ocean
ozon ozone
pGDN pgdn
pGUP pgup
paar couple
paare pairs
pachtzins rent
packend packing
packer packer
packungen packages
paddelboot canoe
paddelboote canoes
paechter tenant
paesse passports
paket parcel
pakete packets
palette pallete
paletten palettes
pampelmuse grapefruit
panne break-down
panther panther
pantoffel clog
pantoffeln clogs
papagei parrot
papageien parrots
papier paper
papiere papers
papierstau jam
pappa dad
pappe pasteboard
paradies paradise
paradiese paradises
paragraphen paragraphs
parameter parameter
parfuem perfume
parfuems perfumes
paritaet parity
park park
partie party
partner mate
partnerschaft partnership
pascal pascal
pass passport
passage passage
passagen passages
passagier passenger
passagiere passengers
passfeder key
passstueck adaptor
passung fit
passwoerter passwords
passwort password
pasten pastes
pasteten pastries
patenkind godchild
patentloesungen nostrums
patin godmother
patrone cartridge
pause pause
pausen recesses
pavian baboon
paviane baboons
peitsche lash
pelikan pelican
pelikane pelicans
pelz fur
pelze furs
pelzjaeger trapper
pensionaer pensionary
pensionaere pensionaries
perforation perforation
perforationen perforations
pergament parchment
periode period
perioden cycles
periodisch periodically
periskop periscope
perle bead
perlen beads
perlmutt nacre
peroenlichkeiten identities
persoenlichkeit personality
persoenlichkeiten personalities
person person
personal staff
personen persons
perspektiven perspectives
peruecke periwig
peruecken periwigs
perversitaet perversity
petersilie parsley
pfad path
pfade paths
pfadfinder scout
pfadname pathname
pfadnamen pathnames
pfand mortgage
pfanne pan
pfannen pans
pfannkuchen pancakes
pfarrer parson
pfeffer pepper
pfefferminz peppermint
pfeglinge nurselings
pfeifer piper
pfeil arrow
pfeile arrows
pfennig penny
pferd horse
pferde horses
pfingsten pentecost
pfirsich peach
pfirsiche peaches
pflanze plant
pflanzung plantation
pflanzungen plantations
pflaster plaster
pflaume plum
pflaumen plums
pflaumenmus plum-jam
pflege nurture
pfleglinge nurslings
pflicht duty
pflichten duties
pflug plough
pfoertner ushers
pfote paw
pfoten paws
pfuetze puddle
pfuetzen puddles
pfund pound
phantasie fancy
phantasien fancies
phantasten visionaries
phantom phantom
phase phase
phasen phases
philosophie philosophy
philosophien philosophies
phosphor phosphor
photo photo
photograf photograph
photografien photos
photokopie photocopy
phrasen phrases
physik physics
physiker physicist
pica pica
picnic picnic
pilger pilgrim
pille pill
pillen pills
pilot pilot
piloten pilots
pilz mushroom
pinguin penguin
pinguine penguins
pins pins
pinzette tweezers
pirat pirate
pistole pistol
pistolen pistols
pistolentasche holster
pistolentaschen holsters
pixel pixel
plaetzchen cookies
plaetze sites
plakat poster
plan blueprint
planer planner
platin platinum
platte plate
platten platters
platz place
platzanweiserin usherette
platzierung placement
plauderei confabulation
plaudertasche chatterbox
plexiglas perspex
plotter plotters
pluederung pillage
pluenderung depredation
pluenderungen depredations
pluesch plush
pocken smallpox
poebel mob
poet poet
pokal goblet
pokale goblets
politik politics
politur polish
polizei police
polizist bobby
polizisten bobbies
portier janitor
portiers janitors
portion serving
portionen servings
porto postage
portrait portrait
portraits portraits
ports ports
porzellan porcelain
posaune trombone
posaunen trombones
position position
positionen positions
post mailing
poster poster
postkarte postcard
postkarten postcards
postkasten mailbox
potpourri medly
potpourries medlies
pracht magnificence
praemie bonus
praemien premiums
praesentation presentation
praesident president
praezedenzfall precedent
praezision precision
praktiken practices
pranger pillory
praxis practice
prediger preacher
predigt sermon
predigten sermons
preis fee
preise prices
preisgestaltung pricing
preisliste price-list
preisrichter jury
preisselbeeren cranberries
presse press
priester priest
primel primrose
primeln primroses
prinz prince
prinzip principle
prisma prism
pritsche slapstick
pritschen slapsticks
probe probe
problem problem
probleme problems
produkt product
produkte products
produktion production
produktivitaet productivity
profil profile
programm program
programme programs
programmierer programmer
projektor projector
prolog prolog
promenade boardwalk
prophet seer
propheten seers
prophezeiung augury
prophezeiungen auguries
prospekt prospectus
protokoll protocol
protokolle protocols
proviant provisions
prozedur procedure
prozeduren procedures
prozent percent
prozentrechnen percentages
prozess litigation
prozesse litigations
prozessor processor
prozessoren processors
prtSc printscreen
pruefstein touchstone
pruefsteine touchstones
pruefung examination
pruefungen examinations
publikationen publications
publikum audience
pudel poodle
puder powder
puenktchen jot
puenktlichkeit punctuality
puff buffet
puffer buffer
pufferinhalt queue
pult console
pulver powder
pumpe pump
punkt dot
punkte points
pupille pupil
puppe doll
puppen dollies
putzfrau charwoman
putzfrauen charwomen
pyramide pyramid
pyramiden pyramids
quacksalberei quackery
quacksalbereien quackeries
quadrant quadrant
quadrat square
qual agony
qualen agonies
qualitaet quality
qualitaeten qualities
qualm fume
quarantaene quarantine
quarkspeise junket
quartett quartet
quartette quartets
quartiermeister quartermaster
quast tassel
quaste tassels
quatsch nonsense
quecksilber mercury
quellen sources
quellgebiete headwaters
querschnitt cross-section
querstrasse cross-road
querstrich slash
quitte quince
quitten quinces
quittung quittance
quittungen quittances
quiz quiz
quote quote
quotient quotient
rEADONLY readonly
rabatt rebate
rabatte rebates
rabbiner rabbis
rabe raven
raben ravens
rache revenge
racker varmint
rad wheel
radar radar
radiergummi eraser
radio radio
radius radius
raedelsfuehrer ringleader
raeder wheels
raender boarders
raetsel enigma
raeuber robber
raeuberei robbery
raeubereien robberies
raeumungen removals
rahmen frame
rakete rocket
raketen rockets
ram ram
ramdisk ramdisk
ramdisks ramdisks
rampe ramp
rampen ramps
rampenlicht footlights
rand boarder
randalierer rioter
range romp
rangen romps
ranke tendril
ranken tendrils
raritaeten curiosities
rasen lawn
rasereien furies
rasierapparat razor
rasierapparate razors
rasieren shave
rasse race
raster graticule
rasterung grating
rasuren shavings
rat advice
raten rates
ratgeber adviser
rathaeuser guildhalls
rathaus guildhall
ratschlag advice
ratte rat
ratten rats
raub rape
rauch reek
raucher smoker
rauheit roughness
rauhheit acerbity
raum room
raupe caterpillar
raupen caterpillars
rausch intoxication
rauschgift drug
rauten lozenges
rautenzeichen hash
rautezeichen lozenge
reaktion reaction
reaktionen reactions
realisierung implementation
realismus realism
realitaeten realities
rebell rebel
rebellen rebels
rechner calculator
rechnung account
rechnungen bills
rechte rights
rechteck rectangle
rechtecke rectangles
rechtfertigung vindication
rechtfertigungen justifications
rechtmaessigkeit legitimacy
rechtsanwaelte barristers
rechtsanwalt barrister
rechtsprechung jurisdiction
rede monologue
redegewandtheit volubility
redegewandtheiten volubilities
redekuenste elocutions
redekunst oratory
reden monologues
redlichkeit probity
redner orator
referenzen references
reflektion reflection
reflektor reflector
reflexionen reflections
reform reform
reformen reformations
regal shelf
regel rule
regelmaessigkeit regularity
regelmaessigkeiten regularities
regeln precepts
regen rain
regenbogen rainbow
regenerator regenerator
regenmaentel mackintoshs
regenmantel mackintosh
regennmaentel raincoats
regenschirm umbrella
regenschirme umbrellas
regierung government
register registers
registrationen registrations
registrierung registering
regler governor
regulierung regulation
regulierungen regulations
reibung friction
reich empire
reichtuemer opulences
reichtum opulence
reif hoarfrost
reife maturity
reifen hoop
reihe rank
reihen rows
reiher heron
reim rhyme
reime rimes
reis rice
reise journey
reisefuehrer guide
reisen voyages
reisende travelers
reisender traveler
reisetasche valise
reisetaschen valises
reisser thriller
reisszwecke thumbtack
reiszwecke thumbtacks
reiter horseman
reiterei cavalry
reitereien cavalries
reitstiefel jackboots
reiz charm
rekenschirm umbrella
reklame advertisement
reklameschoenheit glamour-girl
religion religion
religon religion
renn- racing
reorganisation reorganization
reparatur repair
reperaturwerkstaette repair-shop
repraesentation representation
repressalie reprisal
repressalien reprisals
reproduktion reproduction
reproduktionen reproductions
reptil reptil
reptile reptils
reservierung reservation
reservierungen reservations
resignation resignation
resonanz resonance
resonanzen resonances
rest remainder
restaurant restaurant
restaurierung restoration
reste leavings
resultat result
retter savers
rettich radish
rettiche radishs
rettung rescue
rettungen salvations
rettungsboot lifeboat
rettungsboote lifeboats
rettungsgurt lifebelt
reue penitence
reuse weir
reusen weirs
revision revision
revolution revolution
revolver gat
rezept recipe
rezepte recipes
rhabarber rhubarb
rhetorik elocution
rhythmen rhythms
rhythmus rhythm
richter judge
richtigkeit trueness
richtung direction
richtungen directions
riegel bolt
riemen strap
riese giant
riesenhaftigkeit hugeness
riff reef
riffe reefs
rinde bark
rinden rinds
rindfleisch beef
ring ring
ringbuch loose-leaf
ringkaempfe wrestlings
ringkampf wrestling
rinne groove
rinnsal runlet
rinnsale runlets
rippe rib
rippen ribs
risiken ventures
risiko risk
riss crack
risse crannies
ritt ride
ritterlich knightlily
rittersporn larkspur
ritz cranny
ritzel pinion
rivale rival
rivalen rivals
robben seals
roboter robot
robustheit robustness
rock skirt
roecke skirts
roehre tube
roehren tubes
roentgenbild radiograph
roentgenbilder radiographs
roete redness
roggen rye
rohputz roughcast
rollbahn runway
rolle role
rollen roles
roller scooter
rollschuh roller-skate
rolltreppe escalator
rose rose
rosen roses
rosine raisin
rosinen raisins
rosinenbroetchen buns
rost gridiron
rotation rotation
rotkehlchen redbreast
rotkopf redhead
routine routine
routinen routines
rubrik rubric
ruck flip
ruder oar
ruderer oarsman
ruebe turnip
rueben beets
rueckblick retrospect
ruecken back
rueckfahrkarte return-ticket
rueckfall relapse
rueckfuehrung reduction
rueckgang regression
rueckgrat backbone
rueckgriff fallback
rueckhand backhand
rueckkaeufe redemptions
rueckkauf redemption
rueckkehr returning
rueckkopplung feedback
rueckplatte backplate
rueckschritt regress
rueckschritte regresses
rueckseite backside
rueckseiten backsides
ruecksicht regard
ruecktritt recession
ruecktritte recessions
rueckweisung rejection
rueckzahlung repayment
rueckzahlungen repayments
rueckzuege withdrawals
rueckzug retreat
ruesche quilling
rueschen quillings
ruf fame
rufzeichen callsign
ruhe quiescence
ruhm fame
ruin bane
runddichtung o-seal
runde round
rundfunk broadcast
runzel wrinkle
russland russia
rute rod
ruten rods
sCHWARZ black
saal hall
sabdale sandal
sache matter
sachen things
sack sack
sadismus sadism
saebel sabre
saecke sacks
saefte juices
saege saw
saegespaene sawdust
saegewerk sawmill
saele halls
saemlinge seedlings
saenger singer
saerge coffins
saeugetier mammal
saeugetiere mammals
saeugling nurseling
saeume hems
saeure acid
saeuren acids
safran saffron
saft juice
sahne cream
sahnebonbon toffee
sahnebonbons toffees
salat salad
salate salads
salbe ointment
salben oinments
salbung unction
salbungen unctions
salpeter nitre
salz salt
samen sperm
sammelrohr manifold
sammler collector
sammlung assemblage
sammlungen assemblages
samstag saturday
samstage saturdays
samt velvet
sanatorien sanitariums
sanatorium sanitarium
sand sand
sandalen sandals
sandaletten sneakers
sanduhr hourglas
sanftmut meekness
saphir sapphire
saphire sapphires
sardelle anchovy
sardine sardine
sardinen sardines
sarg coffin
satellit satellite
satelliten satellites
satin sateen
satire satire
satiren satires
satiriker satirist
sattel saddle
satz phrase
satzung statute
satzungen statutes
sauberkeit cleanliness
scale scale
schablone stencil
schablonen stencils
schach chess
schacht duct
schachtel box
schaden damage
schaedel skull
schaeden damages
schaefer shepherd
schaendlichkeit turpitude
schaendlichkeiten turpitudes
schaerfe keenness
schaerfen poignancies
schaerfer sharpener
schaetzung appraisal
schaetzungen estimations
schaetzwerte valuations
schaeume scums
schaf sheep
schafe sheep
schafsfell sheepskin
schafsfelle sheepskins
schaft shank
schakal jackal
schakale jackals
schal scarf
schale bowl
schalen bowls
schall- sonic
schalldaempfer silencer
schallplatte record
schals scarfs
schalter switch
schaltjahr leap-year
schaltkreis circuit
schande disgrace
schar shoal
scharfsinn astuteness
schatten shade
schatz treasure
schatzkammer treasury
schatzkammern treasuries
schauer shower
schauern showers
schaufel shovel
schaufeln shovels
schaum foam
schauplaetze scenes
schauplatz stage
schauspiel spectacle
schauspiele spectacles
schauspieler actor
schauspielerin actress
schauspielhaeuser playhouses
schauspielhaus playhouse
scheck cheque
schecks cheques
scheibe pane
scheiben panes
scheide scabbard
scheiden scabbards
scheidung divorce
scheidungen divorces
schein shine
schein- dummy
scheinwerferlicht headlight
scheinwerferlichter headlights
schellfisch haddock
schelte wigging
schema scheme
schemel stool
schemen schemes
schenkel shank
schere scissors
scherz joke
scherze pleasantries
scheune barn
schicht stratum
schichten layers
schicksal destiny
schicksale destinies
schiebkarre wheel-barrow
schiedsrichter referee
schiene rail
schiessereien shootings
schiff ship
schiffahrt navy
schiffchen shuttle
schiffe ships
schiffs- marine
schiffswerft shipyard
schiffswerften shipyards
schikane chicane
schikanen chicanes
schild shield
schilder shields
schilderung description
schildkroete tortoise
schildkroeten tortoises
schilf reed
schimmer glances
schindel shingle
schindeln shingles
schinken ham
schinkenspeck bacon
schlacht fight
schlachten battles
schlachthaus abattoir
schlacke slag
schlacken slags
schlaege percussions
schlaeger racket
schlaegereien batteries
schlaeuche hoses
schlaf sleep
schlafanzug nightgown
schlafenszeit bedtime
schlaflied lullaby
schlaflieder lullabies
schlaflosigkeit insomnia
schlafplatz roost
schlafstellen roosts
schlafzimmer bedroom
schlag bash
schlagfertigkeit repartee
schlagmann batsman
schlagwoerter catchwords
schlagwort catchword
schlamm mud
schlampe slattern
schlampen slatterns
schlange serpent
schlangen serpents
schlauch hose
schleife loop
schleifstein whetstone
schleifsteine whetstones
schleim mucus
schleuder catapult
schleudern catapults
schliesser turnkey
schlinge noose
schlingen nooses
schlitten skid
schlitz slit
schlitze slits
schloesser castles
schloss castle
schlosser locksmith
schlucht gulch
schluchten gulches
schluck gulp
schluckauf hiccough
schluepfer knickers
schluesse conclusions
schluessel clef
schluesselbein collarbone
schluesselloch keyhole
schluesselloecher keyholes
schluesselwoerter keywords
schluss conclusion
schmalz lard
schmarotzer parasite
schmeichelei taffy
schmeicheleien taffies
schmerotzer parasites
schmerz pain
schmerzen pangs
schmetterling butterfly
schmied blacksmith
schmiede smithy
schmiedeeisernes ironwork
schmieden smithies
schmiedeteil forging
schmierfett grease
schmiermittel lubricant
schmuck trappings
schmutz filth
schnabel beak
schnalle buckle
schnappschuesse snapshots
schnappschuss snapshot
schnauze muzzle
schnauzen muzzles
schnecken snails
schnee snow
schneeball snowball
schneegloeckchen snowdrop
schneestuerme blizzards
schneesturm blizzard
schneider tailor
schnelligkeit promptness
schnellstart quickstart
schnitt snip
schnitte slice
schnittlauch chive
schnittstelle interface
schnitzerei carving
schnoerkel flourish
schnuere cords
schnuersenkel bootlace
schnur cord
schoenheit beauty
schoenheiten beauties
schoenschrift calligraphy
schoepfung creation
schokolade chocolate
schorf scab
schornstein smokestack
schoss lap
schottenrock kilt
schottenroecke kilts
schraege bevel
schraenke lockers
schrank cupboard
schraube screw
schraubenlinie helix
schraubenschluessel spanner
schraubstock vice
schraubzwinge vice
schreck fright
schrecken fright
schrei cry
schreiber clerk
schreibkraft typist
schreibmaschine typewriter
schreibtisch desktop
schreibwaren stationery
schrein shrine
schreine shrines
schreiner carpenter
schrift script
schriftart font
schriftbreite width
schriften scripts
schriftsteller writer
schritt step
schritte gaits
schrumpfung shrinkage
schrumpfungen shrinkages
schub thrust
schubkarre wheelbarrow
schubkarren wheelbarrow
schuechternheit diffidence
schuechternheiten shynesses
schueler disciple
schuelerin schoolgirl
schuelerinnen schoolgirls
schuerze apron
schuerzen aprons
schuesse shots
schuessel dish
schuesseln dishes
schuft rascal
schufte rascals
schuh shoe
schuhanzieher shoehorn
schuhe shoes
schuhputzer shoeblack
schuhwichse shoeblacking
schuld debt
schulden debts
schuldner debtor
schuldschein iou
schule school
schulen schools
schulter shoulder
schultern shoulders
schund shoddy
schuppen dandruff
schurke knave
schurken miscreants
schuss shoot
schuster cobbler
schutt rubbish
schutz protection
schutzentfernung unprotection
schutzgebiet dependency
schutzgebiete dependencies
schwaden swath
schwaeche foible
schwaechen foibles
schwaechling weakling
schwaechlinge weaklings
schwaene swans
schwaenze tails
schwaerme bevies
schwaermer gusher
schwaetzer chatterer
schwalbe swallow
schwalben swallows
schwamm sponge
schwan swan
schwangerschaft pregnancy
schwankung fluctuation
schwanz tail
schwarm bevy
schwefel sulphur
schweigen silence
schwein pig
schweine pigs
schweinerei rascality
schweinereien rascalities
schweinsleder pigskin
schweiss perspiration
schwelle sill
schwellen sills
schwellung bulge
schwere gravity
schwerkraft gravitation
schwermut melancholy
schwert sword
schwerter swords
schwertfisch swordfish
schwester sister
schwestern sisters
schwierigkeit difficulty
schwierigkeiten difficulties
schwindel bogus
schwingungsknoten node
schwungrad flywheel
schwur vow
sebstmord suicide
see sea
see- naval
seele soul
seelen souls
seeleute navigators
seemann navigator
seen lakes
seereise voyage
segel canvas
segelboot sailboat
segelflugzeug glider
segelflugzeuge gliders
segen boon
segler sailer
segment segment
segmente segments
sehne sinew
sehnen sinews
sehnsucht yearning
seide silk
seiden- silk
seidenraupe silkworm
seidenraupen silkworms
seife soap
seil rope
seilbahn ropeway
seile ropes
seite page
seiten pages
seiten-Nummerierung pagination
seitenumbruch pagebreak
seitenumbrueche pagebreaks
seitenweg byway
sekretaer secretary
sekretaere secretaries
sektor sector
sektoren sectors
selbstbedienungsladen groceteria
selbstgefaelligkeit egotism
selbstlosigkeit unselfishness
seligkeit beatitude
sellerie celery
seltenheit curiosity
seltenheiten rarities
seltsamkeit oddity
seltsamkeiten oddities
semikolon semicolon
seminar seminary
seminare seminaries
sender emitter
sendung broadcasting
sendungen missions
senf mustard
sensation sensation
sensationen sensations
sensationsdarsteller stuntman
sense scythe
sensen scythes
sentimentalitaet sentimentality
september sept
sequenzen sequences
seren serums
serien series
serum serum
serviette napkin
servietten napkins
seuche pestilence
seufzen sigh
seufzer sigh
shareware shareware
sichel sickle
sicheln sickles
sicherer saver
sicherheit certainty
sicherheiten certainties
sichtbarkeit visibility
sichtbarmachung visualize
sichtvermerk visa
sichtvermerke visas
sichtweiten visibilities
sie they
sieb sieve
siedler settler
siedlung colony
siedlungen colonies
sieg victory
siege victories
siegel seal
sieger victor
sieselbst yourself
signal signal
silbe syllable
silben syllables
silbentrennung hyphenation
silber silver
simulation simulation
sinn sense
sinus sine
sippe clan
sippen clans
sirene siren
sirenen sirens
sirup molasses
sitte custom
situationen situations
sitz fit
sitzbank bench
sitze seats
sitzplatz seat
sitzung session
sitzungen sessions
skandal scandal
skandale scandals
skelett skeleton
skelette skeletons
skeptiker sceptic
ski ski
skilaeufer skier
sklave drudge
sklaven drudges
sklaverei bondage
sklavereien servitudes
skrupel scruple
skulptur sculpture
skulpturen sculptures
smaragd emerald
smaragde emeralds
smoking tuxedo
smokings tuxedos
socke sock
sockel pedestal
socken socks
soehne sons
sofa settee
sofas settees
software software
sog suction
sohlen soles
sohn son
soldat soldier
soldaten soldiers
solist soloist
solisten soloists
solo standalone
sommer summer
sommerfrische summer-resort
sommersprosse freckle
sommersprossen freckles
sommerwende midsummer
sonne sun
sonnen- solar
sonnenaufgang sunrise
sonnenfleck sunspot
sonnenschirm parasol
sonnenschirme parasols
sonnenstand sunset
sonnenstich sunstroke
sonnenstrahl sunbeam
sonnenstrahlen sunbeams
sonnenuntergaenge sunsets
sonnenuntergang sundown
sonntag sunday
sorge care
sorgen headaches
sorglosigkeit carelessness
sortiment assortment
sortimente assortments
sosse sauce
sossen dressings
sozialhilfe welfare
sozialhilfeempfaenger pauper
spaesse sprees
spalte chink
spalten columns
spaltung fission
spaltungen fissions
spanien spain
spanier spaniard
spannung tension
spannungen tensions
sparbuch bankbook
sparbuecher passbooks
spargel asparagus
sparsamkeit thrift
sparsamkeiten thrifts
spass fun
spassvogel joker
spaten spade
spatz sparrow
spatzen sparrows
spaziergang walk
spechte woodpeckers
speckschnitten rashers
spediteur remover
spediteure removers
speer javelin
speere javelins
speichel saliva
speicher loft
speicherung storage
speicherungen storages
speicherzelle cell
speise food
speiseeis ice-cream
speisezimmer dining-room
spende dole
spenden bounties
sperre barrier
sperrung inhibition
spezifikation specification
spezifikationen specifications
spiegel mirror
spiegelnd mirroring
spiel clearance
spiele games
spieler players
spielfeld field
spielgefaehrte playfellow
spielgefaehrten playfellows
spielplaetze playgrounds
spielplatz playground
spielsachen toys
spielzeug plaything
spielzeuge playthings
spinat spinach
spindel arbor
spindeln spindles
spinne spider
spinnen spiders
spinnengewebe cobweb
spinner madcaps
spinngewebe cobweb
spirale helix
spitze peak
spitzen peaks
spitzname nickname
spitznamen nicknames
spleene spleens
splitter shiver
spoetterei raillery
spoettereien railleries
sport sport
sportkegeln skittle
sportwagen roadster
spott jeer
sprache language
sprachen languages
sprecher speaker
sprechstunde consultation-hour
spreu chaff
sprichwort proverb
sprichworte proverbs
spross scion
sprosse scions
sprotte sprat
sprotten sprats
spruch verdict
sprueche verdicts
sprung jump
spuelkueche scullery
spuelkuechen sculleries
spueltisch sink
spuersinn flair
spuk spook
spule bobbin
spulen bobbins
spur trace
spuren traces
staatsangehoeriger national
staatsangehoerigkeit nationality
stab baton
stachelschwein porcupine
stachelschweine porcupines
stadt city
stadt- urban
stadtbezirk municipality
stadtgraben moat
stadtgraeben moats
staebe batons
staedte cities
staedter townsfolk
staemme tribes
staendchen serenade
staender pillar
staerke strength
stahl steel
stall stable
stallung mews
stamm tribe
stammbaeume pedigrees
stammbaum pedigree
stand stall
standpunkt standpoind
standpunkte standpoints
stanniol tinfoil
stapel stack
star starling
stare starlings
start start
startzeile startline
station station
stationen stages
staub dust
staubsauger hoover
staudaemme barrages
stauwasser backwater
steckmodul cartidge
steg web
steig- upstream
steigerung escalation
steigerungen escalations
steigung acclivity
steigungen acclivities
stein stone
steine stones
steingut stoneware
stell- servo-
stelle digit
stellen locations
stellung posture
stellungen postures
stelze stilt
stelzen stilts
stenotypistinnen typists
stepptanz tapdance
sterbeanzeige obituary
sterbeanzeigen obituaries
sterblichkeit mortality
stern asterisk
sterne asterisks
sternen- starry
sternenlicht starlight
sternenlichter starlights
sternwarte observatory
sternwarten observatories
steuerrad steering-wheel
steuerung steerage
steuerungen steerages
steuerzahler taxpayer
stich twinge
stiche twinges
stichelei quip
sticheleien quips
stickstoff nitrogen
stiefel boot
stiel handle
stiele helves
stier bull
stiere bulls
stift pin
stifte pencils
stiftschraube stud
stil style
stille stillness
stillstand standstill
stimme voice
stimmen voices
stimmung mood
stirn forehead
stirnhaar forelock
stock cane
stockungen deadlocks
stockwerke storeys
stoepsel peg
stoerche storks
stoerung disturbance
stoerungen disturbances
stoesse hitches
stoessel tappet
stoff stuff
stoffhaendler mercer
stolz haughtiness
stomerzeuger generator
stoppel stubble
stoppeln stubbles
storch stork
stoss brunt
stossstange bumper
straehne skein
straehnen skeins
straende seasides
straeusse bouquets
straf- penal
strafe penalty
strafen penalties
strahlen spouts
strahlung radiation
strand beach
strandgut waif
strasse avenue
strassenbahn tram
strassenbahnen tramways
strassenkehrer scavenger
strauch shrub
strauss bouquet
streich escapade
streichholzschachtel matchbox
streichorchester stringband
streifen streak
streik strike
streit moot
strenge rigor
strick halter
stricke halters
strickzeug knitting
strieme wale
striemen wales
stroh straw
strolch hoodlum
strolche hoodlums
strom current
struempfe nylons
struktur structure
strukturen structures
strumpf stocking
strumpfbaender garters
strumpfband garter
student student
studenten students
stueck peace
stueckchen shred
stuecke bites
stuehle chairs
stuempfe stubs
stuerme gales
stuetze prop
stufe degree
stufen levels
stuhl chair
stummel snag
stumpf stub
stunde hour
stunden hours
stundenplan time-table
sturheit obstinacy
sturm gale
sturzflut torrent
sturzfluten torrents
stute mare
stuten mares
subjekt subject
substantiv noun
sucher seeker
suechtige addicts
suechtiger addict
sueden south
suehne atonement
suempfe marshes
suende sin
suenden sins
suendenbock scapegoat
suendenboecke scapegoats
suender sinner
suessigkeiten sweets
suffix suffix
summe sum
summen totals
summer buzzer
sumpf marsh
supermaerkte supermarkets
supermarkt supermarket
suppe soup
suppen soups
symbol symbol
symbole symbols
syntax syntax
syrup syrup
system system
systeme systems
szene scene
szenerie scenery
szenerien sceneries
tabak tabacco
tabakhaendler tobacconist
tabelle table
tablett tray
tabu taboo
tabulatoren tabs
tabus taboos
tadel animadversions
taefelung wainscot
taefelungen wainscots
taeler dales
taenzer dancer
taeter offender
taetigkeit agitation
taetigkeiten agitations
taeuschung deception
taeuschungen deceits
tafel blackboard
tafelsilber silverware
tag day
tage days
tagebuch diary
tagebuecher diaries
tagesanbruch daybreak
tagesereignisse current-events
tageslicht daylight
tageszeit daytime
taifun typhoon
taifune typhoons
taille bodice
taillen waists
takt tact
takterzeugung clocking
taktik tactics
tal dale
talent talent
tang seaweed
tangente tangent
tank tank
tannen firs
tante aunt
tanten aunts
tanz dance
tapete wallpaper
tapeten wallpapers
tapferkeit bravery
tapferkeiten valors
tarif tariff
tarife tariffs
tarnung camouflage
tasche pocket
taschenbuch paperback
taschenbuecher paperbacks
taschendieb pickpocket
taschendiebe pickpockets
taschenfeuerzeug lighter
taschenmesser penknife
taschentuch handkerchief
taschenuhr watch
tasse cup
tassen cups
tastatur keyboard
tastaturen keyboards
taste bar
tasten buttons
tastenanschlag keystroke
tastencodes keycodes
tastendruecke keystrokes
tastenname keyname
tat deed
taten deeds
tatkraft energy
tatsache fact
tatsachen facts
taube dove
tauben doves
tauchkolben plunger
taufen baptisms
taugenichts scapegrace
taugenichtse scapegraces
tauglichkeit fitness
tausendfuessler millepede
taxen cabs
taxi cab
taxifahrer cabman
techniker technician
technisch technically
technologie technology
technologieen technologies
tee teas
teegebaeck muffins
teekanne teapot
teekannen teapots
teer tar
teetasse teacup
teetassen teacups
teich hamlet
teiche hamlets
teig dough
teil part
teilbereich partition
teile members
teilhaber partner
teilnahme participation
teilnahmen participations
teilnehmer participant
telefon phone
telefone telephones
telefonzelle callbox
telegraf telegraph
telegrafen telegraphs
telegrafie telegraphy
telegramm telegram
telegramme telegrams
teleobjektiv telephoto
telephon telephone
television television
teller plate
tempel temple
temperament temperament
temperamente temperaments
temperatur temperature
temperaturen temperatures
tendenz tendency
tendenzen tendances
tennis tennis
tenor tenor
teppich carpet
teppiche carpets
termin deadlineletzter
terminal terminal
terminals terminals
terminologie terminology
terpentin turpentine
terrasse terrace
terrassen terraces
terrine tureen
terrinen tureens
territorien territories
test test
tester tester
teufel demon
teufelchen imp
teufelei devilry
teufeleien devilries
text text
texte texts
textfarbe textcolor
textfile textfile
textil- textile
textilien textiles
textverarbeitung wordprocessing
textverarbeitungen wordprocessors
theater theater
thema theme
themen themes
theologe theologian
theologen theologians
theologie theology
theorie theory
theorien theories
thermal- thermal
thermometer thermometer
thermos- thermos
thron throne
throne thrones
thunfisch tunny
thunfische tunas
tiefe deepness
tiefen depths
tiefland lowland
tier animal
tieraerzte vets
tierarzt vet
tiere animals
tiger tiger
tigerin tigress
tigerinnen tigresses
tilgung acquittance
timer timer
tinktur tincture
tinkturen tinctures
tinte ink
tintenfisch octopus
tips tips
tisch desk
tischler joiner
tischtuch table-cloth
titel captions
tochter daughter
tochtergesellschaft subsidiary
tod death
toechter daughters
toelpel boobies
toene chimes
toepfer crocker
toerchen wicket
toilette toilet
toiletten toilets
toll! wow
tollhaeuser bedlams
tollhaus bedlam
tomate tomato
tomaten tomatoes
ton sound
tonband tape
tonne ton
tonnen tons
topf pot
tor gate
tore gates
tornado tornado
tornados tornados
tornister knapsack
torte pie
torten pies
tortenfuellung mincemeat
totenglocke knell
totenglocken knells
totschlaeger killer
totschlag homicide
tour tour
touren tours
tourist sightseer
touristen sightseers
tracht livery
trachten liveries
tradition tradition
traditionen traditions
traeger bearer
traegheit idleness
traene tear
traenen tears
traeumer dreamer
traeumerei reverie
traeumereien reveries
tragbahre stretcher
tragbahren stretchers
tragbarkeit portability
tragen barrows
tragoedie tragedy
tragoedien tragedies
trainer trainers
trance trance
transaktion transaction
transistoren transistors
transport transportation
trapez trapeze
traubenzucker glucose
trauerfeier obsequies
traum dream
traumbild vision
traurigkeit sadness
traversal traversal
travestie travesty
travestien travesties
treffen meeting
treiber driver
treibsand quicksand
trennung detachment
trennungen detachments
treppe stair
treppen stairs
treppengelaender banisters
tretmuehle treadmill
treue fidelity
treulosigkeit infidelity
treulosigkeiten infidelities
tribuene tribune
tribuenen tribunes
trichter funnel
trick dodge
tricks artifices
trikot tights
trillion trillion
trilogie trilogy
trinker drunkard
trinkgeld gratuity
tritt kick
trittbrett footboard
triumph triumph
triumph- triumphal
troedelei dalliance
troedeleien dalliances
troedelladen junk-shop
troege hods
trog hod
trommel drum
trompete trumpet
trompeten trumpets
trophaee trophy
trophaeen trophies
trost consolation
trott trot
trottel dolt
trueffel truffles
truemmer wreckage
truempfe trumps
trugbild phantasm
trugbilder phantasms
trumpf trump
trunkenbold sot
trunkenbolde sots
truppe squad
truppen squads
truthaehne turkeys
truthahn turkey
tuch cloth
tuechtigkeit efficiency
tuellen beaks
tuemmler tumbler
tuenche whitewash
tuer door
tueren doors
tuerke turk
tuerken turks
tuermchen turret
tuerme towers
tuete paper-bag
tueten paperbags
tugend virtue
tugendbold prig
tugendbolde prigs
tulpe tulip
tulpen tulips
tumor tumor
tumore tumors
tumult hubbub
tumulte riots
tunfisch tuna
tunnel tunnel
turbine turbine
turbinen turbines
turbo turbo
turbolader turbocharger
turm tower
turnier tournament
turniere tournaments
typenraddrucker daisywheel
tyrann tyrant
tyrannen tyrants
uebelkeit nausea
uebeltaeter malefactor
uebeltat misdeed
uebeltaten misdeeds
ueberarbeitungen revisions
ueberblick overview
ueberdachung canopy
ueberdachungen canopies
uebereinstimmung accord
uebereinstimmungen accordances
ueberfall raid
ueberfluesse exuberances
ueberfluss abundance
ueberfuehrung viaduct
ueberfuehrungen viaducts
uebergaenge transitions
uebergang transit
uebergewicht overweight
uebergroesse kingsize
ueberheblichkeit arrogance
ueberheblichkeiten arrogances
ueberlagerung heterodyn
ueberlast overload
ueberlastung congestion
ueberlauf overflow
ueberleben viability
ueberlegenheit transcendence
ueberlegenheiten transcendences
ueberlegung deliberation
ueberlegungen deliberations
ueberlieferungen deliverances
uebermittler transmitters
ueberpruefung review
ueberraschung emergency
ueberraschungen emergencies
uebersaettigung surfeit
uebersaettigungen surfeits
ueberschall- supersonic
ueberschreiben overwrite
ueberschrift caption
ueberschriften headings
ueberschuesse overplusses
ueberschuss excess
uebersendung consignment
uebersendungen consignments
uebersetzer translators
uebersetzt translates
uebersetzung transformation
uebersetzungen translations
uebersicht digest
uebersichten synopses
ueberspanntheit extravagance
ueberspanntheiten extravagances
uebertragung transfer
uebertreibung overstatement
uebertreibungen overstatements
uebertretung transgression
uebertretungen transgressions
ueberwachung survey
ueberzuege casings
ueberzug casing
uebung exercise
uebungen exercises
uenbekuemmertheit unconcern
ufer bank
uferstrassen quays
uhr clock
uhren timepieces
uhrfeder mainspring
uhrfedern mainsprings
ulk josh
ulme elm
ulmen elms
ultimatum ultimatum
ultra- ultra
umarmung hug
umbenennung renaming
umbruch upheavel
umbrueche upheavels
umdrehung revolution
umdrehungen rotations
umerziehung reeducation
umerziehungen reeducations
umfang complexity
umgebung environment
umgebungen environments
umgebungs- ambient
umgehung bypass
umgehungen evasions
umhaenge capes
umhang cape
umkehrung reversal
umkehrungen reversals
umlaeufe currencies
umlauf circulation
umlaufbahn orbit
umlaufbahnen orbits
umleitung diversion
umleitungen redirections
umriss contour
umrisse contours
umsaetze turnovers
umsatz turnover
umschwuenge revulsions
umschwung revulsion
umsetzung conversion
umstaende circumstances
umstand circumstance
umstellung changeover
umwandlung commutation
umwandlungen commutations
umweg detour
umwege detours
umwelt environment
unabhaengigkeit independence
unannehmlichkeit unpleasantness
unanstaendigkeit indecency
unanstaendigkeiten indecencies
unbegrenzt unlimited
unbehagen discomfort
unbekannt unknown
unbekuemmertheiten unconcerns
unbeliebtheit unpopularity
unbesonnenheit temerity
unbesonnenheiten temerities
undankbarkeit ingratitude
unendlichkeiten infinities
unentschiedenheit abeyance
unerfahrenheit inexperience
unerfahrenheiten inexperiences
unerwartet unexpected
unfaehigkeit disability
unfaehigkeiten disabilities
unfaelle accidents
unfall accident
unfug mischief
ungeduld impatience
ungeheuer monster
ungeheuerlichkeit monstrosity
ungeheuerlichkeiten monstrosities
ungehoerigkeit impropriety
ungehoerigkeiten improprieties
ungehorsam disobedience
ungenauigkeiten inaccuracies
ungenuegend insufficient
ungerechtigkeit iniquity
ungerechtigkeiten iniquities
ungestuem vehemence
ungeziefer vermin
unglaube unbelief
ungleichheit disparity
ungleichheiten disparities
ungleichmaessigkeit inequality
ungleichmaessigkeiten inequalities
unglueck calamity
ungluecke calamities
ungluecksbringer hoodoo
unheil mischief
unhoeflichkeit discourtesy
unigelaende campus
universitaet university
universitaeten universities
unklarheit blur
unkraut weed
unmaessigkeit intemperance
unmaessigkeiten intemperances
unmoeglichkeit impossibility
unordnung disorder
unredlichkeit dishonesty
unruhe fidget
unruhen riot
unschuld innocence
unsicherheit uncertainty
unsicherheiten uncertainties
unsinn hooey
unsinn! rats!
unsterblichkeit immortality
unstimmigkeit disagreement
unstimmigkeiten disagreements
untaetigkeit inactivity
untaetigkeiten inactivities
untat malpractice
untaten malpractices
unter- nether
unteraufgabe subtask
unteraufgaben subtasks
unterbewertung understatement
unterbrechung intermission
unterbrechungen intermissions
unterdrueckung depression
unterdrueckungen oppressions
unterernaehrung malnutrition
unterfuehrung subway
unterfuehrungen subways
unterfunktion subfunction
unterfunktionen subfunctions
untergeordnete underling
untergeschoss basement
untergrund underground
untergrund- undergruond
unterhaendler negotiator
unterhalt livelihood
unterhaltung amusement
unterhaltungen amusements
unterhaltungsaufwand upkeep
unterhaltungskosten upkeeps
unterhemd singlet
unterholz underbrush
unterkunft lodging
unterlage pad
unterlegene underdogs
unterlegener underdog
unterlegscheibe washer
unterleib abdomen
unterlizenz sublicense
untermenues submenus
unternehmen company
unternehmungen transactions
unterredung interlocution
unterredungen interlocutions
unterricht tuition
unterrichtungen tuitions
unterroutine subroutine
unterroutinen subroutines
unterscheidung discrimination
unterschied difference
unterschiede differences
unterschlagung defalcation
unterschlagungen defalcations
unterschrift signature
unterschriften signatures
untersetzung reduction
untersucher investigator
untersuchte researched
untersuchung inquest
untersuchungen analysis
untertasse saucer
untertassen saucers
unterteilung subdivision
unterteilungen subdivisons
unterwaesche lingerie
unterwerfung submission
unterwerfungen submissions
unterzeichner signer
untreue perfidy
unvereinbarkeit inconsistency
unvergleichliche nonpareil
unverschaemtheit impertinence
unverschaemtheiten impertinences
unvertraeglichkeit incompatibility
unwetter thunder-storm
unwissenheit ignorance
unzufriedenheit discontent
uran uranium
urheber initiator
urheberschaft authorship
urkunde document
urlaub exeat
urlauber vacationist
urne urn
urnen urns
ursache causale
ursachen causales
urspruenge origins
ursprung genesis
urteil judgement
urteile judgements
utilities utilities
vakuum vacuum
vamp vamp
vampir vampire
vampire vampires
vanille vanilla
variable variable
variablenname variablename
variation variation
variationen variations
variete vaudeville
varietes vaudevilles
vase vase
vasen vases
vater father
vaterschaft fatherhood
veantwortlichkeit responsibility
vegetarier vegetarian
veilchen violets
vektor vector
vektoren vectors
ventil valve
ventilation ventilation
ventilator ventilator
ventilatoren ventilators
ventile valves
verabredung agreement
verabredungen assignations
verachtung contempt
verachtungen contempts
veraenderlichkeit variability
veraenderung mutation
veraenderungen mutations
veranlassung inducement
veranlassungen inducements
verantwortlichkeit liability
verb verb
verband bandage
verbannung banishment
verben verbs
verbesserung betterment
verbesserungen betterments
verbiegung deflection
verbinden connecting
verbinder connectors
verbindung chaining
verbindungen bonds
verbindungspunkt juncture
verbindungspunkte junctures
verbindungsstueck link
verbot ban
verbote bans
verbrauch consumption
verbraucher consumer
verbrechen crime
verbrecher felon
verbreitung propagation
verbrennung combustion
verbrennungen combustions
verbuendeter ally
verdacht suspicion
verdaechtigungen suspicions
verdauungsstoerung indigestion
verdauungsstoerungen indigestions
verderben perdition
verdichtung condensation
verdichtungen condensations
verdienst merit
verdienste merits
verdrehung contortion
verdrehungen contortions
verehrer worshipper
verehrung veneration
verehrungen venerations
vereinbarung acknowledge
vereinbarungen agreements
vereine clubs
vereinfachung simplification
vereinheitlichung unification
vereinheitlichungen unifications
vereinigte federal
vereinigung coalition
vereinigungen associations
verfall decadence
verfeinerung refinement
verfeinerungen refinements
verfolger follower
verfolgung chase
verfolgungen pursuances
verfuehrung seduction
verfuehrungen seductions
vergaser carburettor
vergebung remission
vergebungen pardons
vergehen misdoing
vergeltung requital
vergeltungen retributions
vergeltungpn requitals
vergessenheit oblivion
vergessenheiten oblivions
vergleich comparison
vergleiche comparisons
vergnuegen pleasure
vergoldungen gilts
vergroesserung augment
vergroesserungen augmentations
verguetung salary
verguetungen emoluments
verhaeltnis ratio
verhaeltnisse ratios
verhaengnis fate
verhalten behavior
verhandlung negotiation
verhandlungen negotiations
verhindert disables
verhuetung prevention
verirrungen aberrations
verkabelung cabling
verkaeufe sales
verkaeufer seller
verkaeuferin saleswoman
verkaeuferinnen saleswomen
verkauf sale
verkehr traffic
verkehrtheit perversities
verkleidung facing
verkleigungen facings
verknuepfer linker
verknuepfung linkage
verkrustung incrustation
verkrustungen incrustations
verlaesslichkeiten tenacities
verlassen quitting
verlegenheit embarrassment
verletzung breach
verletzungen violations
verleugnung abnegation
verleumdung calumniation
verleumdungen calumniations
verlobung betrothal
verlockung enticement
verlust losing
verluste losses
vermaechtnis bequests
vermaechtnisse legacies
vermieter landlord
vermieterin landlady
verminderung decrement
vermittler mediator
vermittlung mediation
vermittlungen mediations
vermutung conjecture
vermutungen presumptions
verneinungen denials
vernunft rationality
veroeffentlichung publication
verordnung ordinance
verordnungen ordinances
verpflegung catering
verpflichtung commitment
verpflichtungen liabilities
verraeter traitor
verrat treacheries
verringerung abatement
verruecktheit folly
verruecktheiten follies
vers verse
versammlung congregation
versammlungen congregations
versand dispatch
versandt shipping
verschachtelung nesting
verschiedenheiten diversities
verschleierung blur
verschluesse closures
verschluss closure
verschmelzung confusion
verschoenerungen embellishments
verschwendung dissipation
verschwiegenheit discretion
verschwinden disappearance
verschwoerer conspirator
verschwoerung conspiracy
verschwoerungen conspiracies
verseuchung contamination
verseuchungen contaminations
versicherer underwriter
versicherung assurance
versicherungen assurances
version version
versionen versions
verspottung derision
versprechen promise
verstaendnis understanding
verstaerker amplifier
verstaerkung reinforcement
verstaerkungen reinforcements
verstand brain
versteck hiding-place
verstecken encryption
verstellung disguise
verstellungen feints
verstopfung constipation
verstopfungen constipations
verstuemmelung mutilation
versuch attempt
versuche trials
versuchs- tentative
versuchung temptation
versuchungen temptations
verteidiger pleader
verteidigung defence
verteidigungen defenses
verteiler distributors
verteilung apportionment
vertraege contracts
vertrag agreement
vertrauen confidence
vertrautheit familiarity
vertretung representation
verurteilung condemnation
verurteilungen damnations
vervielfaeltigend multiplying
vervielfaeltigung duplication
vervollstaendigung integration
verwalter administrator
verwaltung administration
verwandschaft affinity
verwandschaften kins
verwandte relatives
verwandter kinsman
verwandtschaft kinship
verweigert denied
verweis animadversion
verwendung usage
verwicklung entanglement
verwicklungen entanglements
verwirklichung realization
verwirklichungen realizations
verwirrung confusion
verwirrungen confusions
verwuestung desolation
verwuestungen desolations
verzeichnis index
verzeichnisse schedules
verzeihung forgiveness
verzeihung! sorry!
verzicht renunciation
verzierung ornament
verzierungen ornaments
verzoegerung delay
verzweifelung desperation
verzweiflung despair
verzweigung fork
verzweigungen ramifications
veteranen veterans
video video
vieh cattle
vieleck polygon
vielecke polygons
vielfalt diversity
vielfrass glutton
vielzahl plurality
viereck quadrangle
vierecke quadrangles
vierfuessler quadruped
vierlinge quadruplets
viertel quarter
villa mansion
villen mansions
violine violin
virtuositaet virtuosity
virtuositaeten virtuosities
virus virus
visionen visions
vitalitaet vigor
vitalitaeten vitalities
vitamin vitamin
vitamine vitamines
voegel birds
voertraege recitals
vogel bird
vogelscheuche scarecrow
vokabel vocabulary
vokal vowel
vokale vowels
volk people
vollblueter thoroughbred
vollstaendigkeit completeness
volt volt
vorabend eve
voraussetzung supposition
voraussetzungen suppositions
voraussicht foresight
vorbedacht forethought
vorbereitend preparing
vorbereitung preparation
vorbereitungen preparations
vorbild paragon
vorbilder paragons
vorderbein foreleg
vordergrund foreground
vorderseite front
voreingenommenheit harm
vorenthaltung detention
vorenthaltungen detentions
vorfahr ancestor
vorfahren ancestors
vorfall event
vorgaben defaults
vorgaenger predecessor
vorgang process
vorgehensweise strategy
vorgeschmack foretaste
vorhaenge curtains
vorhaengeschloesser padlocks
vorhaengeschloss padlock
vorhang curtain
vorherrschaft dominance
vorhersage prediction
vorhersagen predictions
vorhut vanguard
vorkehrungen provisions
vorkommen incidence
vorladung citation
vorladungen citations
vorlaeufer precursor
vorlage pattern
vorliebe affectation
vorlieben affectations
vormittag forenoon
vormundschaft tutelage
vormundschaften tutelages
vorname firstname
vorraenge primacies
vorraete hoards
vorraeume vestibules
vorrang precedence
vorrat hoard
vorratskammer pantry
vorratskammern pantries
vorraum vestibule
vorrecht privilege
vorrichtung appliance
vorrichtungen appliances
vorschau preview
vorschauen prewievs
vorschlaege proposals
vorschlag proposal
vorschrift precept
vorschriften prescriptions
vorsicht attention
vorsichtsmassnahme caveat
vorsichtsmassnahmen caveats
vorsichtsmassregeln cautions
vorsilbe prefix
vorsitz presidency
vorsitzender chairman
vorsorge precaution
vorsorgen precautions
vorspann leader
vorspiel prelude
vorspiele preludes
vorstadt suburb
vorstaedte suburbs
vorstellung association
vorstellungen beliefs
vorstoss thrust
vortaeuschung pretence
vortaeuschungen pretences
vorteil advantage
vorteile advantages
vortraege recitations
vortrag recital
vortragssaal lyceum
vortragssaele lyceums
vortrefflichkeit excellence
vortrupps vanguards
voruebergehender passer-by
vorurteil preconception
vorurteile prejudices
vorwahlen prefixes
vorwegnahme anticipation
vorwort preface
vorwuerfe reprovals
vorwurf reproach
vorzuege preferences
vorzug preference
vulkan volcano
vulkane volcanoes
wabe honeycomb
waben honeycombs
wache sentinel
wachen sentinels
wachhund watchdog
wachhunde watchdogs
wachs wax
wachsamkeit vigilance
wachsamkeiten vigilances
wachstuch oilcloth
wachstum adolescence
wachtel quail
wachteln quails
waechter watchman
waehler dialer
waelder forests
waende walls
waerme caloric
waerter caretaker
waesche washings
waescheklammer clothespin
waescheklammern clothespins
waescher washer
waescherei laundry
waeschereien laundries
waescherin laundress
waescherinnen laundresses
waffe weapon
waffel wafer
waffeln waffles
waffen arms
wagen cars
wagenvorschub carriage
waggon waggon
waggons waggons
wahl choice
wahlen elections
wahlmoeglichkeit option
wahlwiederholung redialing
wahlzettel ballots
wahnsinn frenzy
wahnsinnige madmen
wahnsinniger madman
wahrheit truth
wahrnehmung perception
wahrscheinlichkeit likelihood
wahrscheinlichkeiten probabilities
wahrscheinlichkeitt verisimilitude
wahrzeichen emblem
waise orphan
waisen orphans
waisenhaeuser orphanages
waisenhaus orphanage
wal whale
wald forest
waldhoerner bugles
waldhorn bugle
wale whales
walfaenge whalings
walfaenger whaler
walfang whaling
wall rampart
walle ramparts
walnuesse walnuts
walnuss walnut
walroesser walrusses
walross walrus
walzer waltz
wand wall
wandel vicissitude
wanderer rambler
wanderschaft peregrination
wanderschaften peregrinations
wanderung migration
wanderungen migrations
wankelmut fickleness
ware commodity
waren commodities
warneinrichtung alarm
warnung warning
warnungen premonitions
wartezeit latency
wartungen maintenances
warum why
warze wart
warzen warts
waschbaer racoon
waschlappen washrag
waschraeume lavatories
waschraum lavatory
waschsalon laundrette
waschsalons laundrettes
wasser water
wasserfaelle cascades
wasserfall cascade
wasserfarbe watercolor
wasserfarben watercolors
wasserflugzeug hydroplane
wasserflugzeuge hydroplanes
wasserleitung aqueduct
wasserleitungen aqueducts
wassermelone watermelon
wassermelonen watermelons
wasserscheu hydrophobia
wasserwerke waterworks
watt watts
wattierungen waddings
weber weaver
wechselbeziehung inter-relation
wechselfaelle vicissitudes
wechselstromgenerator alternator
weg road
wege lanes
wegraender waysides
wegrand wayside
wegweiser signpost
weiblichkeit womanhood
weichlich mollycoddle
weichling milksop
weichlinge milksops
weide pasture
weiden pastures
weiden- wicker
weigerung refusal
weihnachten christmas
weihnachtslied carol
weihnachtslieder carols
weile while
weilen whiles
wein wine
weinberg vineyard
weinberge vineyards
weine wines
weinlese vintage
weinlesen vintages
weintraube grape
weintrauben grapes
weise manner
weisen manners
weisheit wisdom
weisheiten wisdoms
weisse whiteness
weizen wheat
wellblechhuette quonset
wellblechhuetten quonsets
welle billow
wellen billows
wellenanlage shafting
wellenform undulation
wellenformen undulations
wellensittich budgerigar
welpe whelp
welpen whelps
welt world
welten worlds
werkstaetten workshops
werkstatt workshop
werktag workday
werktage workdays
werkzeug tool
werkzeuge tools
wert defaultvorgegebene
werte values
wertigkeit valency
wertlosigkeiten trinkets
wertsachen valuables
wesen entity
wespe wasp
wespen wasps
weste vest
westen occident
wettbewerb competition
wettbewerbe contentions
wette bet
wetten bets
wetter weather
wetterfahne vane
wetterfahnen vanes
wetterkunde meteorology
wettkampf contest
wettstreit contention
wichtigkeit importance
wideraufnahmen resumptions
widerlegung disproof
widerlegungen disproofs
widerruf revocation
widerspruch contradiction
widersprueche contradictions
widerstaende resistors
widerstand resistance
widerstandsfaehigkeit hardiness
widerstreben reluctance
widerwille distaste
widmung dedication
widmungen dedications
wie how
wiederannaeherung rapprochement
wiederannaeherungen rapprochements
wiederaufbau reconstruction
wiederaufnahme resumption
wiederbelebung revival
wiedereintritt reentry
wiedergabe rendition
wiedergaben renditions
wiederherstellung recovery
wiederholung iteration
wiederholungen iterations
wiedervereinigung reunification
wiedervereinigungen reunifications
wiege cradle
wiegen cradles
wiese meadow
wiesel weasel
wiesen meadows
wildbret venison
wildcard wildcard
wildcards wildcards
wilddieb poacher
wilddiebe poachers
wildheit ferocity
wildhueter gamekeeper
wildnis wilderness
wildnisse wildernesses
wille volition
willenskraefte volitions
willigkeit willingness
willkuer arbitrariness
wimper eyelash
wimpern cilia
wind wind
winde windlass
windel nappy
windeln nappies
winden windlasses
windhund greyhound
windmuehle windmill
windmuehlen windmills
windowing windowing
windungen windings
winkel angle
winter winter
wir we
wirbel vertebra
wirbelstuerme cyclones
wirbelsturm cyclone
wirbelwind whirlwind
wirbelwinde whirlwinds
wirklich truly
wirklichkeit reality
wirklichkeiten truthes
wirksamkeit effectiveness
wirksamkeiten efficacies
wirkung effect
wirkungen efficiencies
wirkungsgrad efficiency
wirrwar clutter
wirrwarr muss
wirt host
wirte hosts
wirtin hostess
wisch wisp
wissenschaft science
wissenschaften sciences
wissenschaftler scientist
witterungen weathers
witwe relict
witwen relicts
witwer widower
witz gag
witzbold buffoon
witzbolde buffoons
witze gags
woche week
wochen weeks
wochenende week-end
woelfe wolves
woerter words
woerterbuch glossary
woerterbuecher dictionaries
woerterverzeichnisse vocabularies
wohl weal
wohlstand wealth
wohltat benefaction
wohltaten benefactions
wohlwollen benevolence
wohnsitz domicile
wohnung dwelling
wohnungen habitations
wohnwagen caravan
wohnzimmer parlor
wolf wolf
wolke cloud
wolken clouds
wolkenbruch cloudburst
wolkenkratzer skyscraper
wolle wool
wolljacke cardigan
wolljacken cardigans
wort word
worterguesse verbiages
wortlaute wordings
wortschwall verbiage
wortumbruch wordwrap
wrack wreck
wracks wrecks
wucher usury
wucherer usurer
wuensche wishes
wuerdigung appreciation
wuerfel cube
wuermer worms
wuerste sausages
wuerze condiment
wuerzen seasonings
wueste desert
wuestling libertine
wuestlinge libertines
wunde wound
wunder marvel
wunsch wish
wuoten quotas
wurf throw
wurm worm
wurst sausage
wurzel root
wut rage
xanthippe shrew
xanthippen shrews
yacht yacht
zacken jags
zaehigkeit tenacity
zaehler counter
zaehne teeth
zaepfchen uvula
zaertlichkeit tenderness
zaertlichkeiten fondnesses
zaeune corralls
zahlung donation
zahlungen payments
zahn tooth
zahnarzt dentist
zahnbuerste tooth-brush
zahnschmerzen toothache
zahnstange rack
zahnstocher toothpick
zankteufel virago
zapfen pin
zar tsar
zare tsars
zauberei necromancy
zaubereien necromancies
zauberer conjurer
zauberin fairy
zauberinnen fairies
zaun fence
zaunkoenig wren
zaunkoenige wrens
zecher toper
zehe toe
zeichen char
zeichensaetze fonts
zeichenschablone template
zeichner drawers
zeichnung painting
zeichnungen drawings
zeigefinger forefinger
zeiger locator
zeile line
zeilen lines
zeilenvorschub linefeed
zeilenvorschuebe linefeeds
zeit time
zeiteinteilungen timings
zeiten tenses
zeittafel timetable
zeitung newspaper
zeitungen bulletins
zeitvertreib pastime
zellen cells
zelt marquee
zeltbahnen canvasses
zelte marquees
zement cement
zensur censorship
zensuren censorships
zentren centres
zentrifugal- centrifugal
zentrum centre
zerstaeuber sprayer
zerstoerung deletion
zerstoerungen deletions
zerstueckelung fragmentation
zeug trinket
zeuge witness
zeugnis testimonial
zeugnisse testimonials
zi chambers
ziege goat
ziegel brick
ziegelstein brick
ziegen goats
ziel aim
ziele targets
zielpunkt goal
ziffern digits
zigarette cigarette
zigarre cigar
zigarren cigars
zigeuner gipsies
zimmer chamber
zimmerdecke ceiling
zimmermaedchen parlormaid
zimmermann carpenter
zinn tin
zirkus circus
zitrone lemon
zitronen citrons
zitronensaft lemon-juice
zittern trepidation
zitze tit
zitzen tits
zobel sable
zoegern indecision
zoll duane
zone area
zonen areas
zorn anger
zubehoer accessories
zucker sugar
zuckung convulsion
zuckungen convulsions
zuechter breeder
zuege lineaments
zuendholz match
zufaelle hazards
zufall coincidence
zuflucht refuge
zufluchten refuges
zufuehrung feeding
zug lineament
zugang ingress
zuge tractions
zugestaendnis concession
zugestaendnisse concessions
zugriff access
zuhoererschaft audience
zukunft futures
zulage extra-pay
zuletzt lastly
zuneigung affection
zunge tongue
zungen tongues
zurueckhaltung restraint
zusammenarbeit collaboration
zusammenfassung summary
zusammenhaenge coherences
zusammenhang coherence
zusammenhanglosigkeit incoherence
zusammenhanglosigkeiten incoherences
zusammensetzung composition
zusammenstellungen arrangements
zusammenstoss clash
zusatz addition
zuschauer bystander
zuschnitt tailor
zusicherungen confirmations
zustand condition
zustimmung agreement
zustimmungen approbations
zuteilung ration
zuteilungen rations
zutritt admittance
zutritte admittances
zuverlaessigkeit reliability
zuweisung assignment
zuweisungen assignments
zwaenge coercions
zwang coercion
zwangs- forced
zweck purpose
zweifel doubt
zweig branch
zweige branches
zweitakt two-stroke
zwerchfell midriff
zwerchfelle midriffs
zwerg dwarf
zwerge dwarfs
zwiebel onion
zwiebeln bulbs
zwielicht twilight
zwietracht dissension
zwilling twin
zwinkern wink
zwischenfall incident
zwischenkuehler intercooler
zwischenlektion intersection
zwischenspiel interlude
zwischenspiele interludes
zwischenstueck adaptor
zwischenzeit meantime
zyklus cycle
zylinder cylinder
zynismus cynicism
feder feather
ab detersschreckt
abbrechen abort
abbrechend aborting
abenteuerlich adventurous
aber but
aberglaeubisch superstitious
abfassen indite
abfassend inditing
abflachen flatten
abfragen inquire
abfuehren discharge
abfuehrend laxativ
abgebildet mapped
abgebrochen aborted
abgedroschen hackneyed
abgefasst indited
abgefragt prompted
abgegossen decanted
abgegrast grazed
abgehalten detained
abgeirrt strayed
abgekuerzte abbreviated
abgelegen remote
abgelegt discarded
abgelehnt deprecated
abgeleitet deduced
abgelenkt deflected
abgeleugnet abnegated
abgeloest redeemed
abgeneigt averse
abgenommen waned
abgeprallt rebounded
abgerackert fagged
abgeraten dissuaded
abgereist departed
abgerieben towelled
abgesahnt skimmed
abgeschafft abolished
abgeschirmt shielded
abgeschnallt unstrapped
abgeschnitten cropped
abgeschoben deported
abgeschraegt canted
abgeschreckt deterred
abgeschwaecht extenuated
abgeschweift digressed
abgesetzt degradet
abgesondert isolated
abgestimmt attuned
abgestuerzt crashed
abgestuft graduated
abgestumpft deadened
abgewaehlte deselected
abgewandt averted
abgewartet bided
abgewehrt fended
abgewertet devalued
abgewickelt liquidated
abgewiesen repulsed
abgezielt tended
abgezogen deducted
abgiessen decant
abgiessend decanting
abgrasen graze
abgrasend grazing
abgreagieren abreact
abhacken chopp
abhaengen depend
abhaengig dependent
abhalten detain
abhaltend detainig
abirren stray
abirrend straying
abkuerzen abbreviate
ablassen drain
ablegend depositing
ablehnen deprecate
ablehnend deprecating
ableiten derivate
ableitend deducing
ablenken distract
ablenkend deflecting
ableugnen abnegate
abloesen unsolder
abloesend unsoldering
abnehmbar detachable
abnehmen wane
abnehmend waning
abprallen recoil
abprallend rebounding
abrackern fag
abrackernd fagging
abraten dissuade
abratend dissuading
abreagierend abreacting
abreagiert abreacted
abreibend towelling
abreisen depart
abreisend departing
abrufen fetch
absahnen skim
absahnend skimming
abschaffen abolish
abschaffend abolishing
abscheulich abhorrent
abschieben deport
abschiebend deporting
abschliessend final
abschnallen unstrap
abschnallend unstrapping
abschneiden clipping
abschneidend cutting
abschrecken deter
abschreckend deterrent
abschreibend transcribing
abschwaechen extenuate
abschwaechend extenuating
abschweifen digress
abschweifend excursive
abseits offside
absichtlich intentional
absolut absolute
absondern excude
absondernd isolating
absteigend descending
abstimmbar tuneable
abstimmen tune
abstimmend coordinating
abstossend forbidding
abstrahlend beaming
abstrakt abstractly
abstreifen wipe
abstufen graduate
abstufend graduating
abstumpfen deaden
abstumpfend deadening
abtrennen detach
abwaehlen deselect
abwandeln variegate
abwarten bide
abwechselnd alternately
abwegig devious
abwehren fend
abwehrend fending
abweichen differ
abweichend dissonant
abweisen repulse
abweisend denying
abwenden avert
abwendend averting
abwerten devalue
abwertend devaluing
abwesend absent
abwickeln liquidate
abwickelnd transacting
abziehen deduct
abziehend deducting
abzielen tend
abzielend tending
abzweigen offset
acht eight
achtbar creditable
achte eighth
achtend esteeming
achtet esteems
achtsam observant
achtzehn eighteen
achtzehnte eighteenth
achtzig eighty
adressierend addressing
adressiert addressed
aehnlich likewise
aelter older
aelteste oldest
aeltlich oldish
aenderbare changeable
aendern alter
aendernd altering
aendert changes
aengstlich anxious
aergerlich angrily
aergerlicher angrier
aergerlichste angriest
aergern bother
aergernd fretting
aergert galls
aermer needier
aermste neediest
aerztlich medically
aeussernd uttering
aeusserst utmost
aeussert utters
affig apish
afrikanisch african
ahnen forebode
ahnend foreboding
aktiv actively
aktive active
aktivieren activate
aktiviert activates
aktivierte activated
aktualisiert updated
aktuell actually
aktuelle actual
albern fatuous
alkoholisch spirituous
alkoholische alcoholic
alle all
allein alone
alleine alone
alles everything
allgegenwaertig ubiquitous
allgemein abstract
allmaehlich gradually
allumfassend overall
allwissend omniscient
alphabetisch alphabetically
alphanumerische alphanumeric
als than
alt ancient
alternativ alternatively
altersschwach decrepit
altklug precocious
altmodisch old-fashioned
amber amber
ambindend tethering
amerikanische american
amortisierte amortized
amputieren amputate
amputierend amputating
amputiert amputates
amputierte amputated
amtieren officiate
amtierend officiating
amtiert officiates
amtierte officiated
amtlich official
amuesieren amuse
amuesierend amusing
amuesiert amuses
amuesierte amused
an adoresbetet
analog analogue
analysieren analyze
analysierte analyzed
anbeten adore
anbetungswuerdig adorable
anbieten offer
anbietend offering
anblitzen glare
anblitzend glaring
anbrechen broach
anbringen attach
andaechtig devout
andauert persists
andere other
andernfalls otherwise
anderswo elsewhere
andeuten insinuate
andeutend insinuating
anecken scandalize
aneckend scandalizing
aneignen usurp
anerkennend acknowledging
anfaellig prone
anfaenglich initially
anfahren snub
anfahrend snubbing
anfeuchtend wetting
anflehen implore
anflehend imploring
anfordern demand
anfuegen annex
anfuegend annexing
anfuehren lead
anfuellen fulfill
angeberisch swankily
angebetet adored
angeblich alleged
angeblitzt glared
angeboren congenital
angeborene innate
angeboten offered
angebunden tethered
angedeutet insinuated
angeeckt scandalized
angefahren snubbed
angefangen commenced
angefeuchtet wetted
angefordert requisited
angefuegt annexed
angegrenzt adjoined
angegriffen affronted
angehaengt adhered
angehaengte appended
angehaeuft accumulated
angehalten stopped
angeheftet clinched
angeheitert tipsily
angehoben lifted
angeklagt impeached
angeklammert clinged
angekleidet habited
angekocht parboiled
angekommen arrived
angekuendigt advertised
angelehnt ajar
angemasst arroganted
angemessen adequate
angenehm agreeable
angenommen accepted
angeordnet disposed
angepackt tackled
angepasst accomodated
angepasste adapted
angeprangert pilloried
angeregt animated
angereichert enriched
angerempelt jostled
angeschafft purchased
angeschaltet powered
angeschlagen struck
angeschnallt strapped
angesehen faced
angesiedelt located
angespielt alluded
angespornt incited
angesprochen accosted
angesteckt infected
angestiftet instigated
angestiftete abetted
angestrengt strained
angewachsen increased
angewandt applied
angezeigt indicated
angezogen attracted
angezuendet kindled
angezweifelt doubted
angreifen affront
angreifend affronting
angrenzen adjoin
angrenzend adjoining
anhaengen append
anhaengend appending
anhaenglich devoted
anhaeufen pile
anhaeufend accumulating
anhaftend adherent
anhaltend resting
anheben jack
anheften attach
anheftend attaching
anheimelnd quaint
anheuern charter
anklagen accuse
anklagend impeaching
anklammernd clinging
anklebend pasting
ankleidend habiting
anknuepfen contacting
ankochen parboil
ankommen arrive
ankommend arriving
ankuendigen advertise
ankuendigend advertising
anmassen arrogante
anmassend arroganting
anmerkend annotating
anmutig graceful
annaehern appropiate
annaehernd roughly
annehmbar acceptable
annehmbare acceptable
annehmbarer receivablier
annehmen assume
annehmend assuming
annulieren invalidate
annulliert annuls
anonym anonymous
anordnen dispose
anordnend disposing
anormal anomalous
anpackend tackling
anpassen accommodate
anpassend adjusting
anpassungsfaehig flexible
anprangernd pillorying
anregen animate
anregend animating
anreichern concentrate
anreichernd enriching
anrempeln jostle
anrempelnd jostling
ansammeln accumulate
anscheinend apparent
anschliessen connect
anschnallend strapping
ansehnlich respectable
anspielen allude
anspielend alluding
anspornen incite
anspornend spuring
ansprechbar responsive
ansprechen accost
ansprechend accosting
anspruchslos unassuming
anstaendig decent
anstecken infect
ansteckend contagious
ansteigen upswing
anstelle instead
anstiften abet
anstiftend abetting
anstoessig obnoxious
anstossen nudge
anstrengen strain
anstrengend straining
antreiben drive
antworten reply
antwortend answering
antwortet answers
antwortete replied
anullieren annul
anvertrauen commit
anvertrauend entrusting
anvertraut entrusted
anwachsend increasing
anwendbar applicable
anwenden apply
anwendend applying
anwerfen actuate
anwesend aboard
anzeigen indicate
anzeigend indicating
anziehen attract
anziehend attracting
anzuenden kindle
appetitanregend appetizing
applaudierend applauding
applaudiert applauds
applaudierte applauded
arbeiten work
arbeitend tasking
arbeitet operates
arbeitete worked
arbeitslos unemployed
archivierende archiving
archiviert archived
archivierte archival
arglistig guileful
arglos unsuspecting
arithmetisch arithmetic
arm indigent
armselig squalid
arrangierend arranging
arrangiert arranges
arretieren lock
artig bravely
aschig ashy
ass ate
astronomisch astronomical
atemlos breathless
atmen breathe
atmet breathes
atomar atomic
atomisieren atomize
atomisierend atomizing
atomisiert atomized
auch also
auf adjournsschiebt
aufatmen respire
aufatmend respiring
aufbauen build
aufbereiten grab
aufbewahrt preserved
aufbinden untie
aufblaehen inflate
aufblaehend inflating
aufblasen bloat
aufblasend bloating
aufbrausen effervesce
aufbrausend effervescing
aufbrechen decamp
aufbrechend decamping
aufbringend sparing
aufbuerdend imposing
aufdecken unhide
aufdeckend disclosing
aufdraengen obtrude
aufdraengend obtruding
aufdringlich gratingly
aufdruecken imprint
aufdrueckend imprinting
aufeinanderfolgend sequent
aufeinanderfolgende successive
auferlegen enjoin
auferlegend enjoining
auferlegt enjoined
auffallend conspicuous
auffangend intercepting
auffindbar detectable
aufforsten reforest
aufforstend reforesting
auffrischen freshen
auffrischend refreshing
auffuellen refill
auffuellend refilling
aufgeatmet respired
aufgeben abandon
aufgebend abandoning
aufgeblasene bloated
aufgebraust effervesced
aufgebrochen decamped
aufgebuerdet imposed
aufgebunden untied
aufgedeckt uncovered
aufgedraengt obtruded
aufgedrueckt imprinted
aufgefangen intercepted
aufgeforstet reforested
aufgefuellt refilled
aufgegeben capitulated
aufgegriffen grabbed
aufgehakt unhooked
aufgehoben abrogated
aufgehoert ceased
aufgeklaert undeceived
aufgeklinkt unlatched
aufgeknoepft unbuttoned
aufgelauert waylaid
aufgelehnt revolted
aufgelistet listed
aufgeloest disintagrated
aufgemacht unclasped
aufgemoebelt reconditioned
aufgenommen absorbed
aufgepulvert doped
aufgeraeumt tidy
aufgeregt excited
aufgerollt unrolled
aufgeruestet rearmed
aufgerufen invoked
aufgeschnuert unlaced
aufgeschoben adjourned
aufgeschreckt scared
aufgesogen sponged
aufgestiegen ascended
aufgestossen belched
aufgeteilt partitioned
aufgewaermt rehashed
aufgewandt expended
aufgeweckt aroused
aufgeweicht softened
aufgewickelt coiled
aufgewischt swabbed
aufgezeichnet logged
aufgezogen nurtured
aufgliedern dissect
aufhaengen suspend
aufhaken unhook
aufhakend unhooking
aufheben abrogate
aufhebend abrogating
aufhellen brighten
aufhoeren cease
aufklaeren undeceive
aufklaerend undeceiving
aufklinken unlatch
aufklinkend unlatching
aufknoepfen unbutton
aufknoepfend unbuttoning
aufkommend upcomming
auflauern waylay
auflauernd waylaying
auflisten list
aufloesen disintegrate
aufloesend disintegrating
aufmachen unclasp
aufmachend unclasping
aufmerksam attentive
aufmoebeln recondition
aufmoebelnd reconditioning
aufnehmen absorb
aufnehmend absorbing
aufpolieren refurbish
aufpolierend refurbishing
aufpoliert refurbished
aufprallen thud
aufpulvern dope
aufpulvernd doping
aufrecht uprightly
aufrechterhalten uphold
aufrechterhaltend upholding
aufregen fluster
aufregend exciting
aufrichtig candid
aufrollen unroll
aufrollend unrolling
aufruehrerisch seditionous
aufruesten rearm
aufruestend rearming
aufrufbar callable
aufrufen invoice
aufsaessig insubordinate
aufsaugend sponging
aufschieben adjourn
aufschiebend adjourning
aufschnueren unlace
aufschnuerend unlacing
aufschrecken scare
aufschreckend scaring
aufsehenerregend startling
aufsteigen ascend
aufsteigende ascending
aufstellen establish
aufstossen belch
aufstossend belching
auftauchen emerge
auftauchend emerging
aufteilend partitioning
auftreten occur
aufwachen wakeup
aufwaermen rehash
aufwaermend rehashing
aufwaerts upward
aufwecken arouse
aufweckend arousing
aufweichen soften
aufweiten flare
aufwenden expend
aufwendend expending
aufwendig expendable
aufwerten valorize
aufwickeln coil
aufwickelnd coiling
aufwischen swab
aufwischend swabbing
aufzaehlen enumerate
aufzaehlend enumerating
aufzeichnen log
aufzeichnend recording
aufziehen razz
aufziehend razzing
augenblicklich momentarily
aus debarsschliesst
ausarbeiten elaborate
ausarbeitend elaborating
ausbessern darn
ausbessernd darning
ausbeuten exploit
ausbeutend exploiting
ausbrechen erupt
ausbrechend eruptimg
ausbrueten incubate
ausbruetend incubating
ausdauern persevere
ausdauernd perseverely
ausdehnen distend
ausdehnend distending
ausdruckslos inexpressive
ausdrueckend phrasing
ausdruecklich explicit
auseinandergezogen emerged
auseinanderziehen uncompress
ausfragend quizzing
ausfuehrbar feasibly
ausfuehren accomplish
ausfuehrend achieving
ausfuehrlich explicitely
ausfuellen fill
ausgabefaehig issuable
ausgearbeitet elaborated
ausgebbar displayable
ausgeben issue
ausgebend dumping
ausgebessert darnd
ausgebeutet exploited
ausgebreitet outspread
ausgebrochen erupted
ausgebruetet incubated
ausgedehnt distended
ausgedient veteran
ausgedrueckt expressed
ausgefragt quizzed
ausgefuehrt accomplished
ausgefuellt explained
ausgegeben displayed
ausgegebene outputted
ausgeglichen balanced
ausgegraben excavated
ausgehalten sustained
ausgehoehlt holed
ausgeklammert eliminated
ausgekundschaftet scouted
ausgekuppelt declutched
ausgelassen hilarious
ausgeliefert extradited
ausgeloescht obliterated
ausgeloest ransomed
ausgenommen except
ausgepackt unwrapped
ausgeplaudert divulged
ausgerichtet justified
ausgerottet eradicated
ausgeruestet mounted
ausgerufen exclaimed
ausgesagt predicated
ausgeschlossen debared
ausgesoehnt conciliated
ausgespuckt disgorged
ausgestattet endowed
ausgestellt exhibited
ausgestossen ejaculated
ausgestrahlt emanated
ausgesucht picky
ausgetauscht interchanged
ausgetrocknet seared
ausgewaehlt selectively
ausgewaehlte selected
ausgewandert emigranted
ausgewechselt exchanged
ausgewertet evaluated
ausgewichen quibbled
ausgezaehlt enumerated
ausgezahlt disbursed
ausgezeichnet distinguished
ausgezeichnete signalized
ausgiebig extensive
ausgraben excavate
ausgrabend excavating
aushalten sustain
aushaltend sustaining
aushoehlend holing
ausklammernd eliminating
auskleiden line
auskundschaftend scouting
auskuppeln declutch
auskuppelnd declutching
ausladend unloading
auslassen omit
auslassend wreaking
auslegend interpreting
ausliefern extradite
ausliefernd extraditing
ausloeschen obliterate
ausloeschend extinguishing
ausloesen ransom
ausloesend triggering
ausnahmslos invariably
ausnahmsweise exceptionally
auspacken unpack
auspackend unwrapping
ausplaudern divulge
ausplaudernd divulging
ausrichten align
ausrotten eradicate
ausrottend eradicating
ausruesten equip
ausruestend equipping
ausrufen evoke
ausrufend exclaiming
ausruhen relax
aussagend predicating
ausschalten deactivate
ausschliessen debar
ausschliessend debaring
ausschliesslich excessive
aussen external
aussergewoehnlich exceptional
ausserhalb exterior
ausserordentlich exceedingly
aussetzen suspend
ausspucken disgorge
ausspuckend disgorging
ausstatten configurate
ausstattend endowing
ausstellend exhibiting
ausstossen ejaculate
ausstossend ejaculating
ausstrahlen emanate
ausstrahlend emanating
austauschbar commutable
austauschen transpose
austauschend interchanging
austeilen dispense
austeilend dispensing
austesten debug
austrocknend searing
auswaehlbar generic
auswaehlbare eligible
auswaehlen select
auswaerts outward
auswechselnd exchanging
ausweichen evade
ausweichend eluding
auswerten evaluate
auswertend evaluating
auswichend evading
auszahlen disburse
auszahlend disbursing
auszeichnen signalize
auszeichnend signalizing
automatisch automatically
automatisiert automated
backen bake
backend baking
backt bakes
baden bathe
badend bathing
badet bathes
baendigen subdue
baendigt subdues
bald soon
ballig spherical
banal banal
bankrott bankrupt
barbarisch barbarian
barfuss bare-footed
barhaeuptig bare-headed
basteln tinker
bastelnd tinkering
bastelt tinkers
bat begged
bauchig bellied
baufaellig tumbledown
baumeln dangle
baumelnd dangling
baumelt dangles
baumelte dangled
beabsichtigen intend
beabsichtigt intended
beabsichtigte indented
beachten respect
beachtend heeding
beachtenswert noteworthily
beachtenswerteste noteworthiest
beachtet heeded
beanspruchen engross
beanspruchend engrossing
beansprucht engrossed
beanspruchte claimed
beantwortbar responsible
beaufschlagen impinge
beaufsichtigen oversee
beaufsichtigend overseeing
beaufsichtigt oversees
beaufsichtigte overseen
beben quake
bebend quaking
bebrillt bespectacled
bebt quakes
bebte quaked
bedachte preconceived
bedauere sorry
bedauerlich regrettable
bedauern deplore
bedauernd deploring
bedauert deplores
bedauerte deplored
bedeckte covered
bedenken preconceive
bedenkend preconceiving
bedenkenlos unscrupulously
bedenkt preconceives
bedeuten mean
bedeutend mattering
bedeutet matters
bedeutete mattered
bedeutungslos insignificant
bedeutungsvoll meaningful
bedienen operate
bedienend valeting
bedient valets
bediente valeted
bedingt conditionally
bedingte conditional
bedraengen bulldoze
bedrohen threaten
bedrohlich threateningly
beduerftig needily
beeilen hasten
beeilend hastening
beeilt hastens
beeilte hastened
beeinflussen bias
beeintraechtigen affect
beeintraechtigend vitiating
beeintraechtigt vitiates
beeintraechtigte vitiated
beenden determine
beendend ceasing
beendet cancels
befaehigen qualify
befaehigend featuring
befaehigt featured
befehlend bidding
befestigen fasten
befestigend fastening
befestigt fastens
befestigte fastened
befeuchten dampen
befeuchtend moistening
befeuchtet dampened
befiehlt bids
beflecken speckle
befleckend specking
befleckt specked
befohlene commanded
befragend querying
befragte queried
befreien deliver
befreiend delivering
befreit deliveries
befreite delivered
befriedigen satisfy
befriedigend contenting
befriedigt gratifies
befriedigte contented
befristend reprieving
befristet reprieved
befuerchtend afraid
befugt legitimated
begabt talented
begann begun
begegnet encounters
begehren covet
begehrend covetting
begehrt covets
begehrte covetted
begierig aware
beginnen begin
beginnend commencing
beginnt begins
beglaubigen accredit
beglaubigend accrediting
beglaubigte accredited
begleiten accompany
begleitend accompanying
begleitet accompanied
beglueckwuenschen felicitate
beglueckwuenschend felicitating
beglueckwuenscht felicitated
begraben bury
begreifen comprehend
begreifend apprehensive
begreift comprehends
begrenzend confining
begrenzt confines
begrenzte confined
begrenzter narrower
begriffen comprehended
begruendet causes
begruessend welcoming
begruesst welcomes
begruesste welcomed
beguenstigen pander
beguenstigend pandering
beguenstigt panders
beguenstigte benefited
begutachten survey
begutachtend surveying
begutachtete surveyed
behaelt retains
behaglich cosily
behaltend retaining
behandeln medicate
behandelnd medicating
behandelt handled
behandelte medicated
beharren insist
beharrend persisting
beharrlich insistent
beharrte persisted
behaupten allege
behauptend alleging
behauptet alleges
behauptete avered
beherrschend governmental
beherrscht governed
behexen bedevil
behexend bedevilling
behexte bedevilled
beibehalten maintain
beibehaltend maintaining
beide both
beiderseitig mutual
beifuegend attributing
beigefuegt affected
beigetragen contributed
beigetreten acceded
beinahe nearly
beinhalten conclude
beiseite aside
beispiellos unexampled
beissend biting
beitragen contribute
beitragend contributing
beitretend acceding
beizeiten betimes
bekannt known
bekannte avowed
bekanntgeben intimate
bekanntgebend intimating
bekanntgegeben intimated
bekennen avow
bekennend avowing
bekennt avows
beklagenswert lamentable
beklagte bewailed
bekleckernd blotting
bekleckert blotted
bekleidend vesting
bekleidet vested
bekommen gotten
bekraeftigen affirm
bekraeftigend affirming
bekraeftigt affirms
bekraeftigte affirmed
belaestigen harass
belaestigend annoying
belaestigt harasses
belaestigte harassed
belagern beleaguer
belagernd beleaguering
belagert beleaguers
belagerte beleaguered
belanglos irrelevantly
belasten encumber
belastend encumbering
belastet burdened
belauschen overhear
belauschend overhearing
belauscht overhears
belauschte overheared
beleben enliven
belebend enlivening
belebt enlivened
belebte vitalized
belegen engage
belegend allocating
belegt allocates
belehrt disabuses
beleidigen insult
beleidigt insults
beliebt liked
belohnen recompense
belohnend recompensing
belohnt recompenses
belohnte recompensed
bemerkenswert notable
bemerkt perceived
bemitleidend pitying
bemitleidet pitied
bemuehen endeavor
bemuehend endeavoring
bemueht endeavors
bemuehte endeavored
benachbart adjacent
benachteiligt unprivileged
benehmend behaving
beneiden envy
beneidend envying
beneidenswert enviable
beneidet envies
beneidete envyed
benoetigend needing
benoetigt needed
benutzen use
benutzend using
benutzt used
beobachten observate
beobachtend observating
beobachtet observates
beobachtete observated
bequem modest
beraet consults
beratend consultative
berauben bereave
beraubend bereaving
beraubt bereaves
beraubte bereaved
berauschend intoxicant
berechnen calculate
berechnend accounting
berechnet accounts
berechtigend warranting
berechtigte warranted
beredsam eloquent
bereisen perambulate
bereisend perambulating
bereist perambulates
bereiste perambulated
bereitet prepares
bereuen repent
bereuend repenting
bereut repents
bereute repented
bergab downhill
bergan uphill
bergen salvage
bergend salvaging
berichten refer
berichtend referring
berichtet refered
berichtete told
berichtigen amend
berichtigte amended
berieseln sprinkle
berieselnd sprinkling
berieselt sprinkles
berieselte sprinkled
beruechtigt notorious
beruecksichtigte respected
beruegen defraud
beruehmt famed
beruehrend touching
beruehrt touched
beruehrte contacted
beruflich vocational
beruhigen allay
beruhigend appeasing
beruhigt appeases
beruhigte appeased
besachlagnahmen sequestrate
besaenftigen mollify
besaenftigend mollifying
besaenftigt mollified
besann bethought
besass possessed
beschaedigen injure
beschaedigend mauling
beschaedigt corrupted
beschaedigte mauled
beschaeftigend employing
beschaeftigt busy
beschaemen abash
beschaemend abashing
beschaemt abashes
beschaemte abashed
beschattete shadowed
bescheiden humble
bescheinigen certificate
bescheinigend certifying
bescheinigt certificates
bescheinigte certified
beschichten face
beschierte besmeared
beschimpfen revile
beschimpfend reviling
beschimpft reviles
beschimpfte reviled
beschlagnahmen confiscate
beschlagnahmend confiscating
beschlagnahmt confiscates
beschlagnahmte confiscated
beschleunigen accelerate
beschleunigend accelerating
beschleunigende speeding
beschleunigt accelerated
beschleunigte quickened
beschmieren besmear
beschmierend besmearing
beschmiert besmeares
beschmierte daubed
beschmutzen pollute
beschmutzend polluting
beschmutzt pollutes
beschmutzte polluted
beschneiden trim
beschraenken confine
beschraenkteste narrowest
beschreiben describe
beschreibend describing
beschreibt describes
beschrieben described
beschriften inscribe
beschriftend inscribing
beschriftet inscribes
beschuetzen patronize
beschuetzend guarding
beschuetzt patronizes
beschuetzte patronized
beschuht shod
beschuldigen incriminate
beschuldigend accusing
beschuldigt accuses
beschuldigte accused
beschwatzen wheedle
beschwatzend wheedling
beschwatzt wheedles
beschwatzte wheedled
beschwoeren conjure
beschwoerend conjuring
beschwoert evokes
beschworen conjured
beseitigen eliminate
beseitigend nullifying
beseitigt removed
besetzt occupies
besiedelnd settling
besiedelt settles
besiegen vanquish
besiegend vanquishing
besiegt vanquishes
besiegte vanquished
besinnen bethink
besitzen possess
besitzend owning
besitzt possesses
besoffen primed
besohlend soling
besohlt soled
besonders especially
besorgt solicituous
bespickend spiking
besprechen discuss
besprechend discussing
besprochen discussed
besser better
bessern reclaim
bestaendig settled
bestaendigste constantest
bestaetigen certify
bestaetigt confirmed
bestaetigte acknowledged
bestand existed
beste best
bestechen bribe
bestechlich corruptible
bestehen exist
bestehend consisting
besteht consists
bestellend tilling
bestellt tills
bestellte tilled
bestens optimally
besteuern taxes
besteuert assessed
bestimmbar determinable
bestimmen appoint
bestimmend appointing
bestimmt appoints
bestimmte appointed
bestrafen penalize
bestrafend penalizing
bestraft penalizes
bestrafte penalized
bestrahlend irradiating
bestrahlt irradiates
bestrahlte irradiated
besuchen visit
besuchend visiting
besucht visits
besuchte visited
besudeln smirch
besudelnd smirching
besudelt smirches
besudelte smirched
betaetigt stroke
betaeuben deafen
betaeubend deafening
betaeubt deafens
betaeubte intoxicated
betitelnd titling
betitelt entitled
betoeren infatuate
betoerend infatuating
betoert infatuates
betoerte infatuated
betonen accentuate
betonend accenting
betont accents
betonte accentuated
betrachten contemplate
betrachtend contemplating
betrachtet considered
betrachtete contemplated
betraechtlich considerable
betragend amounting
betrauern bemoan
betrauernd bemoaning
betrauert bemoans
betrauerte bemoaned
betreffend concerning
betreiben bustle
betreten accede
betriebsfaehig operable
betrogen cheated
betrueben afflict
betruebend afflicting
betruebt afflicts
betruebte afflicted
betruegen cheat
betruegend defrauding
betruegerisch deceitful
betruegt cheats
betrunken drunken
bettelnd mendicant
bettend bedding
bettlaegrig bedrid
beunruhigen disquiet
beunruhigend disquieting
beunruhigt disquiets
beunruhigte disquieted
beurteilend criticizing
beurteilt criticizes
beurteilte criticized
bevoelkern populate
bevoelkernd populating
bevoelkert populates
bevoelkerte populated
bevor before
bevorrechtigt privileged
bevorzugt preferred
bewacht guarded
bewaehrt proved
bewaessern irrigate
bewaessernd irrigating
bewaessert irrigates
bewaesserte irrigated
bewahren preserve
bewahrend preserving
bewaldet wooded
bewandert versed
bewegen budge
bewegend budging
beweglich movable
bewegt budges
bewegte budged
bewegungslos motionless
bewerten rate
bewertet valued
bewoelkt overcast
bewohnbar habitable
bewohnen inhabit
bewohnend inhabiting
bewohnt inhabits
bewohnte inhabited
bewundern admire
bewundernswert admirable
bewusst conscious
bezahlen pay
bezahlend paying
bezahlt paid
bezaubern enchant
bezaubernd charming
bezaubert enchanted
bezauberte fascinated
bezeichnen denote
bezeichnend denoting
bezeichnende significant
bezeichnenderweise significantly
bezeichnet denoted
bezeugen testified
bezeugend testifying
bezeugt testifies
bezeugte wittnessed
beziehen correlate
beziehend correlating
bezieht correlates
biegen inflect
biegend inflecting
biegsam limber
biegt inflects
bieten bid
bigann began
bildend formative
bildhaft pictoral
billig cheap
billigend approving
billigste cheapest
billigt approves
binden bind
bindend binding
bindet binds
biografisch biographical
birgt salvages
bis til
bisher hitherto
bissig snappily
bisweilen sometimes
bitte please
bitten beg
bittend begging
bitter bitter
bittet begs
blaesslich pallidly
blaest toots
blaettern browse
blamieren blame
blamierend stultifying
blamiert stultifies
blamierte stultified
blasen blow
blasend blowing
blass pale
blau blue
bleiben abide
bleibend remaining
bleibt residents
bleichen blanch
bleichend blanching
bleicht blanches
bleiern leaden
blenden dazzle
blendend dazzling
blendet dazzles
blies blew
blind blind
blindlings blindfold
blinken blink
blinkend blinking
blinkt blinks
blockierend blocking
blockiert blocked
bloede daft
bloeken bleat
bloekend bleating
bloekt bleats
blond fair
bloss mere
bluehend florid
blutdurstig sanguinary
bluten bleed
blutend bleeding
blutet bleeds
blutig gorily
blutige bloody
blutruenstig bloodthirsty
boese sinister
boeswillig malignant
bohren bore
bombardieren bombard
bootbare bootable
booten boot
borgen borrow
borgend borrowing
borgt borrows
boshaft fiendish
brach broke
braeunen tan
braeunend tanning
braeunt tans
brand- brand
braten fry
brauchbar usable
brauchen need
brauen brew
braun brown
brausen bluster
brausend blustering
braust blusters
braut brews
brechbar breakable
brechen crack
brechend rupturing
breiig pappily
breit broadly
brennbar combustible
brennen burn
brennend blazing
brennt blazes
bricht ruptures
brilliant brillant
bringen bring
bringend bringing
bringt brings
britisch british
bronzen brazen
bruederlich brotherly
bruellen bawl
bruellend bellowing
bruellt bawls
bruellte bawled
brueten breed
bruetend hatching
bruetet hatches
brummend growling
brummt growls
brutal brutal
buchstabieren alphabetize
buchstabiert spelled
buchstaeblich literal
buegelnd ironing
buendelnd bundling
buergend bailing
buergerlich civic
buergt bails
buerstend brushing
buerstet brushes
buessen atone
buessend atoning
buesst atones
bummeln saunter
bummelnd sauntering
bummelt saunters
bummelte sauntered
bumsen thump
bumsend thumping
bumst thumps
bunt coloured
buschig bushily
charakteristische characeristics
checken check
chemisch chemical
chirurgisch surgical
christlich christian
chronisch chronic
chronologisch chronological
codierbar codeable
codieren encode
codierend coding
codiert coded
compiliert compiled
dachte thoughts
dadurch thereby
daemmernd dawning
daemmert dawns
daemmerte dawned
daempfen damp
daempfend muting
daempft mutes
daher hence
dahinter behind
damit therewith
dampfen steam
dampfend steaming
dampft steams
danach hereafter
daneben aside
dankbar gracefully
dankend reciprocating
dankt reciprocates
dann then
darauf thereupon
darbietend presenting
dargelegt presented
dargestellt personated
darstellen depict
darstellend depicting
daruebergelegt superimposed
das that
datenstampfen datestamp
datierend dating
datiert dated
dauerhaft durable
dauernd perennial
dauert lasts
dazwischen interjacent
deaktiviert deactivated
decken defray
decodieren decode
decodiert decodes
decodierte decoded
defekt damaged
definierbar definable
definieren define
definierend defining
definiert defined
degradieren demote
degradierend demoting
degradiert demotes
degradierte demoted
dehnend stretching
dekompilieren decompile
demokratisch democratic
demonstrativ demonstrative
demonstrieren demonstrate
demonstrierend demonstrating
demonstriert demonstrates
demuetigend abasing
demuetigt humbles
denkbar conceivable
denken think
denkend thinking
denkt thinks
denkwuerdig memorable
denn for
desgleichen ditto
deshalb therefore
deswegen therefore
detailliert detailed
deutliche broad
deutsch german
deutsche german
dezimal decimal
diagnostisch diagnostic
diagonal diagonal
dicht dense
dichter densier
dichteste densiest
dick thick
dicker thicker
dienen conduce
dienend servicing
dienlich conducive
dient conduces
diese these
dieses thus
differenzieren differentiate
dimensional dimensional
dimensionierend dimensioning
direkt direct
diskret discrete
diskutiert discusses
doesen doze
doesend dozing
doest dozes
doeste dozed
dokumentierend documenting
dokumentiert documented
donnernd thundering
donnert thunders
doppeldeutig ambiguously
doppelt double
dornig spinily
dort there
dosieren meter
draengen urge
draengend thronging
draengt throngs
drahtig wirily
drahtlos wireless
drall buxomly
dralle buxom
dramatisch dramatic
draussen outside
drehbar hinged
drehen rotate
drehend revolving
drehende spinning
dreht revolves
drei three
dreieckig triangular
dreifach threefold
dreimal thrice
dreissig thirty
dreist brash
dreizehn thirteen
dreschend threshing
dringend imperatively
drischt threshes
dritte third
drittens thirdly
droehnend booming
drohen impend
drohend impending
drohende imminent
droht impends
druckbar printable
druckbare printables
drucken print
druckend printing
druckt prints
druecken depress
drueckend presssing
drueckt presses
du thou
duenn tenuous
duerftig poor
duerr arid
duerstend thirsting
duerstet thirsts
duester dusky
duftend fragrant
dulden tolerate
dumm dull
dunkel abstruse
dunkelfett darkbold
dunkeln darken
dunkelste darkest
dunkler darker
dunstig dankly
duplex duplex
duplizieren duplicate
dupliziert duplicated
durch across
durchaus absolutely
durchbohren pierce
durchbohrend piercing
durchbohrt pierced
durchdringbar penetrable
durchdringen penetrate
durchdringend penetrating
durchdringt thrills
durchdrungen pervaded
durcheinandergeworfen jumbled
durcheinanderwerfend jumbling
durchfallen flunk
durchfallend flunking
durchflutend flushing
durchflutet flushed
durchfuehrbar feasible
durchfuehren perform
durchgedrungen penetrated
durchgefallen flunked
durchgesehen perused
durchgesickert percolated
durchgewuehlt ransacked
durchlaessig permeable
durchlaufen travers
durchloechern perforate
durchloechernd perforating
durchloechert perforates
durchloecherte perforated
durchnaessen soak
durchnaessend soaking
durchnaesst soaked
durchqueren traverse
durchquerend traversing
durchquert traversed
durchschalten interconnect
durchschnittich medium
durchsichtig transparent
durchsickern percolate
durchsickernd percolating
durchstechen transfix
durchstechend transfixing
durchsticht transfixes
durchstochen transfixed
durchsuchen rummage
durchsuchend rummaging
durchsucht rummages
durchsuchte rummaged
durchweicht sodden
durchwuehlen ransack
durchwuehlend ransacking
durchwuehlt ransacks
durstig thirstily
duschen douche
duschend douching
duscht douches
dutzende dozens
dynamische dynamic
dynamischffektiv dynamically
ebgelehnt repudiated
echt genuine
edel noble
ehe ere
ehebrecherisch adulterous
ehelich conjugal
ehemals formerly
eher rather
eher...als rather...than
ehrbar reputable
ehren revere
ehrend revering
ehrenvoll honestly
ehrenwerte honest
ehrerbietig respectful
ehrlich faithfully
ehrlos dishonourable
ehrt reveres
ehrwuerdig reverend
eichend gauging
eifersuechtig jealous
eifersuechtiger jealousier
eifersuechtigst jealousiest
eifrig eager
eigen own
eigennuetzig selfish
eigensinnig wayward
eigerissen jaggy
eilen haste
eilend hasting
eilt hastes
ein impliesschliesst
einaeschern incinerate
einaeschernd incinerating
einatmen inhale
einatmend inhaling
einbaufertig pre-finished
einbeziehen include
einbeziehend implying
einbezogen included
einbrechend irruptively
einbuergern nationalize
einbuergernd nationalizing
einbuessen forfeit
einbuessend forfeiting
eindosend tinning
eindringen infiltrate
eindringend infiltrating
eindrucksvoll impressive
eine an
einengend narrowing
eines ones
einfach facile
einfacher simpler
einfachste simplest
einfachwirkend single-acting
einfaedelnd threading
einfallslos unimaginative
einfarbig unichrome
einfassen gird
einflussreich influential
einfrieren freeze
einfrierend freezing
einfuegen infix
einfuegend inserting
einfuehren inaugurate
einfuehrend introducing
eingeaeschert incinerated
eingeatmet inhaled
eingeben enter
eingebend inputting
eingebildet conceited
eingebuergert naturalized
eingebuesst forfeited
eingedenk mindful
eingedost tinned
eingedrungen infiltrated
eingeengt narrowly
eingefaedelt threaded
eingefroren froze
eingefuegt inserted
eingefuehrt inaugurated
eingegeben entered
eingegossen infused
eingegriffen encroached
eingehuellt jacketed
eingeimpft inoculated
eingeklinkt latched
eingekreist encircled
eingeladen invited
eingelegt inlaid
eingeleitet prefaced
eingeordnet ranged
eingepflanzt implanted
eingepraegt impressed
eingeraeumt conceded
eingerichtet arranged
eingeschaerft inculcated
eingeschlossen comprised
eingeschnitten gashed
eingeschoben interpolated
eingeschraenkt restricted
eingeschuechtert browbeated
eingeschuechterte overawed
eingeseift soaped
eingespritzt injected
eingestandenermassen avowedly
eingetaucht dipped
eingeteilt rationed
eingetraeufelt instilled
eingewandert immigrated
eingewandt demured
eingeweiht privily
eingewickelt enveloped
eingewirkt appealed
eingeworfen interposed
eingezaeunt fenced
eingezwaengt wedged
eingiessen infuse
eingiessend infusing
eingreifen encroach
eingreifend encroaching
eingrenzen isolate
einheimisch aboriginal
einheitlich uniform
einige some
einimpfen inoculate
einimpfend inoculating
einkaufend shopping
einkerbend indenting
einklinkend latching
einkreisen encircle
einkreisend encircling
einladen invite
einladend inviting
einlegend sandwiching
einleitend initiatively
einmal once
einmuetig unanimous
einpraegen impress
einpraegend impressing
einraeumend conceding
einreihen enqueue
einrichten arrange
einrichtend establishing
einruecken indent
einsam lonely
einsatzhaerten case-harden
einschaerfen inculcate
einschaerfend inculcating
einschaetzend taxing
einschalten plug
einschiebend interpolating
einschlaefernd somniferous
einschliessen imbed
einschliessend comprising
einschliesslich conclusively
einschneiden incise
einschneidend gashing
einschraenken restrict
einschraenkend restricting
einschuechtern browbeat
einschuechternd intimidating
einseifend soaping
einseitig onesided
einsetzen implant
einspritzen inject
einspritzend injecting
einstampfend stamping
einstellbar adjustable
einstellen adjust
einstellig monadic
einstimmig concordant
eintauchen dip
einteilen grade
einteilend rationing
eintoenig drab
eintraeglich gainful
eintraegliche lucrative
eintraeufeln instil
eintraeufelnd instilling
eintragen enrol
einwachsend ingrowing
einwaerts inward
einwandern immigrate
einwandernd immigrating
einweisen instruct
einwendend demuring
einwerfend interposing
einwickeln envelop
einwickelnd enveloping
einwirken appeal
einwirkend appealing
einzaeunen corral
einzaeunend fencing
einzeln apartly
einzelne single
einzig sole
einzigartig unique
einzwaengen wedge
einzwaengend wedging
eisig glacial
eitel vain
eitern suppurate
eiternd suppurating
eitert suppurates
eitrig ulcerous
eiversuechtig jealously
ekelhaft loathsome
ekeln disgust
ekelnd disgusting
ekliger nastier
ekligste nastiest
elastisch elastic
elegant elegant
elektrisch electric
elektronisch electronic
elementare elementary
elend calamitous
elf eleven
elfte eleventh
eliminiert eliminates
ellyptisch elliptical
empfaenglich receptive
empfaengt receipts
empfangen conceived
empfangend receipting
empfehlen commend
empfehlend commending
empfiehlt commends
empfindend sentient
empfindlich queasily
empfohlen commended
empoert indignantly
enbrechend irruptive
endend ending
endet ceases
endgueltig conclusive
endlos endless
energisch energetic
enfaltete unfurled
eng closely
engelhaft angelic
enger closer
engherzig hidebound
englisch english
engstirnig illiberal
enlastet exonerated
entarten deganerate
entartend degenerating
entartet degenerates
entartete degenerated
entbehrlich dispensable
entbehrlicher dispensablier
entbehrlichst dispensabliest
entdecken discover
entdeckend detecting
entdeckt detected
entehren dishonor
entehrend dishonorable
entfalten unfurl
entfaltend unfurling
entfaltet unfurls
entfernt distant
entfernte remote
entflammen inflame
entflammend inflaming
entflammt inflames
entflammte inflamed
entfremden estrange
entfremdend estranging
entfremdet estranged
entfuehren abduct
entfuehrend abducting
entfuehrt abducts
entfuehrte abducted
entgegen vice
entgegengesetzt contrarily
entgegensetzen oppose
entgeistert aghast
entgengesetzt polar
entgueltig definitely
enthaelt comprises
enthaeutend skinning
enthalten contain
enthaltend containing
enthaltsam abstemiously
enthielt contained
enthuellen unveil
enthuellend revealing
enthuellt discloses
enthuellte unveiled
entkam escaped
entkleiden strip
entkleidend stripping
entkleidet strips
entkleidete stripped
entkommt escapes
entkomprimieren decompress
entkomprimiert decompressed
entkorken uncork
entkorkend uncorking
entkorkt uncorks
entkorkte uncorked
entkraeftet effete
entladen unload
entlaedt discharges
entlaesst disbands
entlaeuft elopes
entlang along
entlarven unmask
entlarvend unmasking
entlarvt unmasks
entlarvte unmasked
entlassen disband
entlassend disbanding
entlasten exonerate
entlastend exonerating
entlastet exonerates
entlaufen elope
entlaufend eloping
entleeren vacate
entleerend emptying
entlegen outlying
entlueften vent
entmannen unman
entmannend unmanning
entmannt unmans
entmannte unmanned
entmarkieren untag
entmutigen daunt
entmutigend daunting
entmutigt daunted
entmutigte dejected
entnehmen extract
entnerven unnerve
entnervend enervating
entnervt enervated
entnervte unnerved
entraetseln unriddle
entraetselnd unravelling
entraetselt unravelled
entraetselte unriddled
entreissen wrest
entreissend wresting
entriegelt unlock
entrissen wrested
entruestet indignant
entsagen abdicate
entsagend abdicating
entsagt abdicated
entschaedigen reimburse
entschaedigend reimbursing
entschaedigt reimburses
entschaedigte reimbursed
entscheiden decide
entscheidend crucial
entscheidender decisivier
entscheidet decides
entschied decided
entschlossen determined
entschluesseln encrypt
entschluesselt decrypted
entschuldbar excusable
entschuldigen apologize
entschuldigend apologizing
entschuldigt apologizes
entschuldigte apologized
entschwindet escapades
entsetzlich horrible
entsetzt horrified
entspannen unbend
entspannend relaxing
entspannt relaxed
entspannte unbended
entsprach corresponded
entsprechen comply
entsprechend complying
entspricht complies
entsprochen complied
entstanden accrued
entstehen accrue
entstehend accruing
entsteht accrues
entstellen deface
entstellend defacing
entstellt defaces
entstellte defaced
enttaeuschen disappoint
enttaeuschend disappointing
enttaeuscht disappointed
enttaeuschte disappointed
entwaessert drains
entwaffnen disarm
entwaffnend disarming
entwaffnet disarms
entwaffnete disarmed
entweder either
entweder...oder either...or
entweichen leak
entweihen desecrate
entweihend desecrating
entweiht desecrates
entweihte desecrated
entwenden purloin
entwendend purloining
entwendet purloins
entwendete purloined
entwerfend designing
entwickeln develop
entwickelnd developing
entwickelt developed
entwickelte evolved
entwicklungsgemaess developmental
entwirft designs
entwirren unravel
entwirrend untangling
entwirrt untangles
entwirrte untangled
entwoehnen wean
entwoehnend weaning
entwoehnt weans
entwoehnte weaned
entwurzeln disroot
entwurzelnd disrooting
entwurzelt disroots
entwurzelte disrooted
entziehen withdraw
entziffern decipher
entziffert deciphers
entzifferte deciphered
entzueckt rapt
entzuendbar inflammable
entzuenden ignite
entzuendend igniting
entzuendet ignited
er he
erbaermlich paltrily
erbend inheriting
erbleichte blanched
erblich hereditary
erblicken behold
erblickend beholding
erblickt beholds
erblickte beholded
erbrechen puke
erbrechend puking
erbricht pukes
erbrochen puked
erbt inherits
erdichtet fictional
erdrosseln throttle
erdrosselnd throttling
erdrosselt throttles
erdrosselte throttled
erdulden undergo
erduldend undergoing
erduldet undergoes
erduldete undergone
ereignen befall
ereignislos uneventful
ereignisreich eventfull
erfahren adept
erfahrungsgemaess empirical
erfassen apprehend
erfassend apprehending
erfasst apprehends
erfasste apprehended
erfinden invent
erfindend inventing
erfinderisch inventive
erflehen crave
erfleht craves
erflehte craved
erfolglos unsuccessfully
erfolgreich prosperous
erforderlich requisitely
erfordern necessitate
erfordernd necessitating
erfordert necessitates
erforderte necessitated
erforschen investigate
erforschend investigating
erforscht investigates
erforschte investigated
erfreuen gladden
erfreuend delighting
erfreulich enjoyable
erfreut delights
erfreute gladdened
erfrischend recreating
erfuellt fulfilled
erfundet invented
ergab resulted
ergaenzend integrating
ergeben addicted
ergebenst sincerely
ergibt results
ergiessen gush
ergraut hoary
ergreifend seizing
ergreift seizes
ergriffen seized
erhaben elevated
erhaelt conceives
erhaeltlich obtainable
erhalten conceive
erheben elevate
erhebend arising
erheblich relevant
erhebt extols
erheitern exhilarate
erheiternd exhilarating
erheitert exhilarated
erhielt received
erhitzend heating
erhoben arisen
erhoehen exalt
erhoehend elevating
erhoeht elevates
erhoehte heightened
erinnern remeber
erinnernd remembering
erinnert remembered
erinnerte reminded
erkannbare cognizable
erkennbar cognizably
erkennen perceive
erkennend recognizing
erkennnen detect
erkennt perceives
erklaeren declare
erklaerend declaring
erklaerlich explicable
erklaert declared
erklaerte expounded
erkranken sicken
erkrankend sickening
erkrankt sickens
erkrankte sickened
erlaeutern elucidate
erlaeuternd commenting
erlaeutert elucidates
erlaeuterte elucidated
erlangt obtains
erlangte obtained
erlauben allow
erlaubend allowing
erlaubt allows
erlaubte allowed
erledigt done
erleichtern alleviate
erleichternd facilitating
erleichtert facilitated
erleichterte relieved
erleuchten enlighten
erleuchtend enlightening
erleuchtet enlightened
erleuchtete lit
erloschen extinct
ermaechtigen authorize
ermaechtigend authorizing
ermaechtigt authorized
ermahnen admonish
ermahnend admonishing
ermahnt admonishes
ermahnte admonished
ermatten languish
ermattend fainting
ermattet fainted
ermattete languished
ermitteln ascertain
ermittelnd ascertaining
ermittelt ascertains
ermittelte ascertained
ermoeglichen submit
ermoeglichend enabling
ermoeglicht enabled
ermueden tire
ermuedend fatigueing
ermuedet fatigues
ermuedete fatigued
ermutigen elate
ermutigend elating
ermutigt elated
ernannte nominated
ernennen nominate
ernennend nominating
ernennt nominates
erneuerbare renewable
erneuern regenerate
erneuernd rebuilding
erneuert rebuild
erneuerte regenerated
erniedrigen abase
erniedrigend vulgarizing
erniedrigt abases
erniedrigte abased
ernst earnest
ernten reap
erntend harvesting
erntet harvests
erobern conquer
erobernd conquering
erobert conquers
eroberte conquered
eroertern argue
eroerternd arguing
eroertert argues
eroerterte argued
erpressen extort
erpressend extorting
erpresst extorts
erpresste extorted
erprobt tried
errechnet computes
erregen excite
erreichen attain
erreichend attaining
erreicht attains
erreichte attained
errichten erect
errichtend erecting
errichtet constitutes
erroetend blushing
erroetet blushed
erschaffend fabricating
erschallend pealing
erscheinen appear
erscheinend appearing
erscheint appears
erschien appeared
erschlaegt slays
erschlagen slay
erschlagend slaying
erschoepfen exhaust
erschoepfend exhausting
erschoepft exhausted
erschrecken horrify
erschreckend horrifying
erschreckt horrifies
erschreckte terrified
erschuettert shocked
erschweren aggravate
erschwerend aggravating
erschwert aggravates
erschwerte aggravated
ersetzen substitute
ersetzend compensating
ersetzt compensates
erspaehen espy
erspaehend espying
erspaeht espies
erspaehte espyed
erst foremost
erstarren congeal
erstarrend congealing
erstarrt congeals
erstarrte congealed
erstaunend astonishing
erstaunt amazed
ersteigend mounting
ersticken smother
erstickend smothering
erstickt smothers
erstickte smothered
erstklassig first-class
erstrangig primarily
erstreben strive
ersuchen beseech
ersuchend beseeching
ersuchte besought
ertoent rings
ertraeglich tolerably
ertraegliche tolerable
erwachen awake
erwachsen adult
erwachte awoke
erwaegen consider
erwaegend pondering
erwaegt considers
erwaehnend mentioning
erwaehnt mentioned
erwarten await
erwartend awaiting
erwartet awaited
erweirtern extend
erweiterbar extensible
erweitern amplify
erweiternd amplifying
erweitert amplifies
erweiterte advanced
erweiterungsfaehig expandable
erwidern retort
erwidert retorts
erwogen pondered
erworben acquired
erwuergen strangle
erwuergend strangling
erwuergt strangles
erwuergte strangled
erzaehlen narrate
erzaehlend narrating
erzaehlt narrates
erzaehlte narrated
erzeugen constitute
erzeugend causing
erzeugt creates
erzeugte engendered
erzuernend incensing
erzuernt incensed
erzwingen enforce
erzwingend enforcing
erzwingt enforces
erzwungen compelled
es it
escape escape
essentiell essentially
etwas anything
eventuell maybe
ewig eternal
ewntnerven enervate
exakt minutely
exclusiv exclusively
exemplarisch exemplarily
existent existent
experimentell experimental
experimentierend experiencing
experimentiert experienced
explodieren detonate
explodierend detonating
explodiert detonates
explodierte detonated
exportierend exporting
exportierte exported
extrafein superfine
extrahiert extracted
extrem extreme
fabrizieren fabricate
fabriziert fabricates
fad stale
fadenscheinig threadbare
faehig able
faehrt navigates
faellig due
faellt drops
faelschen falsify
faelschend falsifying
faelscht falsifies
faengt captivates
faerben tinge
faerbend tinging
faerbt tinges
fahl livid
fahren navigate
fallen drop
fallend falling
falsch cattish
faltet folds
falzend grooving
falzt grooves
familiaer familiar
fangen catch
fangend captivating
fantastisch fancifully
farbig coloured
farbige colored
farblos colorless
faserig fibrous
fassen grip
fast almost
faszinierend fascinating
faul lazily
faulenzen lounge
faulenzend lounging
faulenzt lounges
fauler lazier
faulste laziest
febrizierte fabricated
federbelastet spring-loaded
federnd resilient
fehlbar fallible
fehlend missing
fehlerfrei faultless
fehlerhaft erroneous
fehlerhafte failing
fehlerlos flawless
fehlgehen astray
fehlgeleitet missent
fehlprogrammiert misprogramed
fehlzuenden misfire
feierlich solemn
feiern celebrate
feiernd celebrating
feiert celebrates
feig craven
feilbieten prostitute
feilbietend prostituting
feilgeboten prostituted
feilschen haggle
feilschend haggling
feilscht haggles
feindlich adverse
feindselig hostile
felsig rockily
fern afar
fernbleibend absenting
ferngeblieben absented
fertig readily
fertigen manufacture
fesseln enchain
fesselnd enchaining
fesselt enchains
fest firm
festgelegt fixed
festgemacht tightened
festhaftend bonded
festhalten retain
festhaltend abiding
festlegend locating
festlich convivial
festmachend tightening
feststehend stationary
feststellend noticing
fett bold
feucht damp
feuchtkalt clammily
feuerfest fireproof
feuersicher flameproof
feurig fierily
fiebrig feverish
fiel fell
figuriert figured
filtern drain
filternd filtrating
filtert filtrates
finanziell financially
finanziert financed
finanzstark heeled
finden find
findend encountering
findet finds
findig resourceful
fing caught
finster gauntly
fischend fishing
fixieren locate
fixierend fixing
fixiert fixes
flach flat
flackern flare
flackernd flaring
flackert flares
flackerte flickered
flammen flame
flankiert flanks
flankierte flanked
flattern flutter
flatternd fluttering
flattert flutters
flechten wattle
fleckig patchy
flegelhaft boorish
flehend praying
fleischfressend carnivorous
fleischig beefily
fleischlich carnal
fleissig diligent
flicken botch
flickt botches
fliegen fly
fliegend winging
fliegt flies
fliehend fleeing
fliessen flow
fliessend floating
fliesst flows
flink nimble
flirten flirt
flirtend flirting
flirtet flirts
flockige flaky
flog flew
fluchten align
fluechtend resorting
fluechtet resorts
fluechtig flighty
fluessig fluid
fluestern whisper
fluesternd whispering
fluestert whispers
foerdern lift
foerdernd promoting
foerdert promotes
foermlich formerly
folgen ensue
folgend ensuing
folgerichtig consistent
folgern infer
folgernd inferring
folgert infers
folgt ensues
folternd torturing
foltert tortures
fordern postulate
fordernd postulating
fordert postulates
formatierend formating
formatiert formated
formell formal
formend sculpturing
formlos informal
formt forms
formulieren formulate
formulierend formulating
formuliert formulated
forsch brisk
forschen research
forschend questing
forscht quests
fortgefahren proceeded
fortgeschritten preceded
fortgesetzt continually
fortlaufend consecutively
fortlaufende consecutive
fortschreiten advance
fortschreitend advancing
fortschrittlich progressive
fortsetzen continue
fortsetzend proceeding
fortwaehrend continual
fragen ask
fragend asking
fraglich questionable
fraglos unquestionable
fragt asks
fragwuerdig questionably
franzoesisch french
fraulich wifelily
frech cheeky
frecher cheekier
frechste cheekiest
frei free
freigeben deallocate
freigebend releasing
freigebig bounteously
freigesprochen acquitted
freimachen disengage
freimuetig outspoken
freisprechen acquit
freisprechend acquitting
freiwillig voluntarily
fremd foreign
fremdartige unfamiliar
fremde strange
fremder alien
fressen guzzle
fressend guzzling
freude fun
freudig glad
freudlos cheerless
freundlich befriending
freundschaftlich amicable
friedlich peaceable
frisch dewy
frischer dewier
frischste dewiest
frisst guzzles
froehlich happily
froestelnd shivery
froh glad
frohlocken exult
frohlockend exulting
frohlockt exults
frohlockte exulted
fromm pious
frostig chilly
fruchtbar fecund
frueh early
frueher anterior
fruehere former
fruehreif premature
frustriert dissatisfied
fuchsartig foxy
fuehlbar palpable
fuehlen feel
fuehlend sensing
fuehlt feels
fuehlte felt
fuehren guide
fuehrend guiding
fuehrt leads
fuellen brimmed
fuellend filling
fuellt fills
fuenf five
fuenffach quintuple
fuenfte fifth
fuenfzehn fifteen
fuenfzehnte fifteenth
fuenfzig fifty
fuenfzigste fiftieth
fuer for
fuerchten fear
fuerchtend fearing
fuerchterlich dreadful
fuerchtet fears
fuettern feat
fuetterte feeded
fuhr drove
funkeln scintillate
funkelnd scintillating
funkelt scintillates
funkelte scintillated
funktionell functionally
funktionierend functioning
funktionsfaehig operative
funktionsgemaess functional
furchtbar dreadful
furchtlos dauntless
furchtsam fearful
furnierend veneering
furnierte veneered
fusseln fuzz
fusselnd fuzzing
fusselt fuzzes
gab gave
gaeergert galled
gaehnen gape
gaehnend gaping
gaehnt gapes
gaenzlich wholly
ganz quite
ganze whole
garantieren guarantee
garantierend guaranting
garantiert guaranted
garnieren garnish
garnierend garnishing
garniert garnishes
garnierte garnished
garstig nasty
gasfoermige gaseous
gasvergiftet gassed
geachtet esteemed
geaendert altered
geaergert fretted
geaeussert uttered
geantwortet answered
gearbeitet operated
geartet mannered
gebacken baked
gebadet bathed
gebaendigt subdued
geballt cumulative
gebastelt tinkered
gebaut built
geben give
gebend giving
gebieterisch authoritative
gebildet educated
gebilligt approved
gebissen bitten
geblasen blown
gebleicht bleached
geblendet dazzled
geblieben abode
geblinkt blinked
geblutet bled
gebogen bent
gebootet booted
geboren born
geborgen salvaged
geboten bade
gebracht brought
gebraeuchlich useable
gebraeunt tanned
gebrannt blazed
gebrauchen disusenichtmehr
gebraucht uses
gebraust blustered
gebraut brewed
gebrochen refracted
gebrochene broken
gebruellt bellowed
gebruetet hatched
gebuendelt bundled
gebuergt bailed
gebuerstet brushed
gebuesst atoned
gebummelt strolled
gebumst thumped
gebunden bound
gecached cached
gedacht thought
gedaempft muted
gedampft steamed
gedankenlos thoughtless
gedankenvoll pensive
gedankt thanked
gedauert lasted
gedehnt stretched
gedeihen prosper
gedeihend thriving
gedeiht thrives
gedemuetigt humbled
gediehen thrived
gedient conduced
gedoest snoozed
gedonnert thundered
gedraengt terse
gedreht revolved
gedroht impended
gedruckt printed
gedrueckt depressed
geduerstet thirsted
geduldig patient
geduscht douched
geehrt honored
geehrte revered
geeicht gauged
geeignet apt
geeilt hasted
geeitert suppurated
geerbt inherited
geernted harvested
gefaehrden endanger
gefaehrdend endangering
gefaehrdet endangered
gefaehrdete imperiled
gefaehrlich dangerous
gefaellig complaisant
gefaellt pleased
gefaelscht falsified
gefaerbt coloured
gefahren navigated
gefallen dropped
gefallend pleasing
gefaltet folded
gefaltete fold
gefalzt grooved
gefangen trapped
gefangene captured
gefaulenzt lounged
gefeiert celebrated
gefeilscht haggled
gefesselt enchained
gefiedert feathered
gefiltert filtrated
gefischt fished
geflackert flared
geflattert fluttered
gefleckt mottled
geflirtet flirted
geflogen flown
geflohen fleed
geflossen flowed
gefluechtet resorted
gefluestert whispered
gefoerdert sponsored
gefolgert inferred
gefolgt ensued
gefoltert tortured
gefordert postulated
geformt formed
geforscht quested
gefraessig gluttonous
gefragt asked
gefressen guzzled
gefroren freezed
gefuehllos emotionless
gefuehlsmaessig emotional
gefuehlvoll lyrical
gefuehrt guided
gefuellt filled
gefuellte stuffed
gefuerchtet feared
gefuettert fed
gefunden finding
gefunkelt sparkled
gefusselt fuzzed
gegabelt forked
gegaehnt gaped
gegangen gone
gegeaehnt yawned
gegeben given
gegebene donated
gegen against
gegenseitig mutual
gegenueber opposite
gegenuebergestellt confronted
gegenueberliegend oppositely
gegenueberstellen confront
gegenueberstellend confronting
gegenwaertig presently
geglaettet sleeked
geglaubt believed
geglitten glided
geglitzert glinted
gegossen poured
gegraben digged
gegraupelt sleeted
gegrenzt abutted
gegriffen gripped
gegrillt broiled
gegrinst smirked
gegruebelt mused
gegruendet based
gegruesst greeted
gegrunzt grunted
geguertet girt
gegurgelt gurgled
gehackt hacked
gehaengt gibbeted
gehaertet hardened
gehaeuft heaped
gehaeutet skinned
gehalten held
gehaltlos inane
gehandelt agitated
gehandhabt managed
geharkt raked
gehasst hated
gehastet bustled
geheftet tacked
geheiligt hallowed
geheilt healed
geheim occult
geheimnisvoll mysterious
geheiratet married
gehemmt trigged
gehen go
gehend going
geherrscht dominated
gehetzt badgered
geheuchelt feigned
gehindert embarrassed
gehinkt limped
gehoben hewed
gehoeren appertain
gehoerend appertaining
gehoert appertains
gehoerte appertained
geholfen aided
geholt fetched
gehorchend obeying
gehorcht harked
gehorchte obeied
gehorsam obedient
geht goes
gehuepft frisked
gehungert famished
geimpft vaccinated
geisterhaft ghostly
geistesabwesend absent-minded
geistesschwach imbecile
geistig mental
geistlos spiritless
geistvoll spirited
geizig avaricious
gejagt hounded
gejault yipped
gejuckt itched
gekachelt tiled
gekaempft struggled
gekauert cowered
gekaut chawed
gekeift jangled
gekeimt germed
gekentert capsized
gekerbt nicked
gekeucht gasped
gekichert chuckled
gekippt tilted
gekittet puttied
gekitzelt tickled
geklaert cleared
geklagt complained
geklammert clasped
geklappert clattered
geklatscht clapped
gekleidet clad
geklemmt jammed
geklettert clambered
geklimpert thrummed
geklingelt jingled
geklopft tapped
geklungen clinkered
geknackt cracked
geknebelt gagged
geknetet kneaded
geknied kneeled
gekniet knelt
gekniffen nipped
geknirscht gnashed
geknotet knotted
geknurrt growled
geknutschte petted
gekocht boiled
gekochte cooked
gekoedert decoyed
gekoepft decapitated
gekoernt granulated
gekrabbelt scrabbled
gekraechzt cawed
gekraeftigt innervated
gekraeht crowed
gekraenkt aggrieved
gekratzt scraped
gekreischt shrieked
gekreist gyrated
gekritzelt scrawled
gekrochen crawled
gekruemelt crumbed
gekruemmt humped
gekuehlt refrigerated
gekuerzt abridged
gekuesst kissed
gekuppelt pimped
gekuschelt snuggled
gelacht laughed
geladen charged
gelaechelt simpered
gelaehmt palsied
gelaermt fussed
gelaeutet knolled
gelassen unperturbed
gelauert lurked
gelaufen trended
gelb yellow
gelblich yellowish
geleert depleted
gelegentlich casual
gelegt lied
gelehnt leaned
gelehrig docile
gelehrt erudite
gelehrte bookish
geleimt glued
geleitet conducted
gelenk hinge
gelernt learnt
gelesen readed
geleugnet disclaimed
geliebt beloved
geliehen borrowed
gelierend jellying
geliert jellied
gelindert allayed
gelingt succeed
gelispelt lisped
gelitten suffered
gelockert limbered
gelockt enticed
geloeffelt spooned
geloescht blanked
geloest detached
geloetet soldered
gelohnt remunerated
gelyncht lynched
gemacht made
gemaechlich leisurely
gemaeht mowed
gemaess pursuant
gemaessigt moderated
gemaestet crammed
gemahlen milled
gemahnt dunned
gemalt painted
gemartert martyred
gemausert molted
gemaust pilfered
gemein rascally
gemeinsam common
gemeldet notified
gemessen measured
gemieden eschewed
gemietet leased
gemildert mitigated
gemindert impaired
gemischt blent
gemischte miscellanous
gemolken milked
gemuetlich comfortable
gemurmelt mumbled
gemustert patterned
genaehert approached
genaehrte nourished
genaeht needled
genagt gnawed
genannt called
genau accurate
geneckt bantered
genehmigen approve
geneigt inclined
geneppt vamped
genesen convalesce
genial ingenious
geniesst sneezed
genippt sipped
genistet nestled
genoergelt nagged
genommen kept
genuegen suffice
genuegend sufficient
genuegt suffices
genuegte sufficed
genuetzt profitted
genug enough
geoeffnet opened
geografisch geographic
geopfert sacrificed
geordert ordered
geordnet classified
gepackt grappled
gepafft whiffed
gepanzert ironclad
geparkt parked
gepatcht patched
gepeitscht flogged
gependelt shuttled
gepfiffen whistled
gepflanzt planted
gepflastert paved
gepflegt fostered
gepflegte cherished
gepfuscht fudged
geplagt bothered
geplanscht swashed
geplant projected
geplappert jabbered
geplatscht plashed
geplatzt bursted
geplaudert nattered
gepluendert harried
gepraegt minted
geprahlt boasted
gepresst huddled
geprobt rehearsed
geprueft examined
gepruegelt thrashed
gepuffert buffered
geputzt furbished
gequaelt smitten
gequaelte agonized
gequakt quacked
gequetscht squished
gequiekt squeaked
gequollen welled
gerade even
geradewegs straight
geradlinig linearly
geraecht avenged
geraekelt lolled
geraeucherte cured
geraeumig capacious
geraeumt evacuated
geraeuschlos noiseless
geraeuschvoll noisy
geraschelt rustled
geraspelt rasped
gerasselt rattled
gerast raved
geraten advised
geraubt raped
geraucht reeked
gerauft scuffled
gerechnet computed
geregelt regulated
geregnet rained
gereift matured
gereiht ranked
gereimt rhymed
gereinigt cleaned
gereinitg scoured
gereist toured
gereizt excited
gerettet rescued
gerichtet directed
gerichtlich judicial
gerieben chafed
geringer minor
geringfuegig pettily
geringfuegigst minimally
geringschaetzig contemptuous
geringste least
gerissen shiftily
gerochen smelt
gerodelt tobogganed
geroestet parched
geroetet reddened
gerollt rolled
gerostet oxidized
geruchlos scentless
gerudert sculled
geruehmt vaunted
geruehrt stired
geruhen condescend
geruhend condescending
geruht condescends
geruhte condescended
gerumpelt rumbled
gerundet rounded
gerunzelt wrinkled
gesackt sagged
gesaettigt sated
gesaeuert soured
gesalzen salted
gesammelt collected
gesamt total
gesandt posted
gesaugt sucked
geschadet harmed
geschaedigt mared
geschaelt hulled
geschaerft sharpened
geschaetzt appraised
geschaeumt foamed
geschaffen created
geschah happened
geschaltet switched
geschaudert shivered
geschaufelt scooped
geschaukelt dandled
geschehen happen
geschehend happening
gescherzt froliced
geschickt neatly
geschieht happens
geschildert depicted
geschimpft inveighed
geschlachtet slaughtered
geschlaengelt wormed
geschlafen nodded
geschlagen battered
geschlechtlich sexual
geschlechtslos neuterly
geschlendert roamed
geschleppt hauled
geschleudert flung
geschlichen skulked
geschlitzt slitted
geschlossen closed
geschluchzt sobbed
geschluckt swallowed
geschluepft slipt
geschlummert slumbered
geschlurft scuffed
geschmacklos flavorless
geschmackvoll tasteful
geschmeckt smacked
geschmeichelt coaxed
geschmeidig lithe
geschmerzt ached
geschmiert lubricated
geschmollt pouted
geschmolzen liquefied
geschmort stewed
geschmueckt decorated
geschmuggelt smuggled
geschnappt nabbed
geschnarcht snored
geschnattert cackled
geschneidert tailored
geschneit snowed
geschnibbelt whittled
geschnippt snipped
geschnueffelt sniffed
geschnurrt purred
geschoben shoved
gescholten chid
geschossen shooted
geschraubt screwed
geschrieben typed
geschrieen cried
geschrien vociferated
geschritten treaded
geschrumpft shrivelled
geschruppt scrubbed
geschuettelt shaken
geschuetzt protected
geschuetzte protective
geschuftet slaved
geschuldet owed
geschultert shouldered
geschwaecht debilitated
geschwaermt swarmed
geschwaerzte blackend
geschwaetzig loquacious
geschwaetzt prated
geschwankt fluctuated
geschwatzt blabbed
geschweisst welded
geschwelt smouldered
geschwindelt swindled
geschwirrt twanged
geschwitzt perspired
geschwoert sweared
geschwollen turgid
geschworen vowed
geschwunden dwindled
gescrollt scrolled
gesegelt sailed
gesehen looked
gesehnt longed
gesellig sociable
gesendet sent
gesengt singed
gesetzlich lawful
gesetzlos lawless
gesetzt seated
geseufzt sighed
gesichert backed
gesickert oozed
gesiebt sieved
gesiedet seethed
gesiegelt sealed
gesoegt sawn
gesorgt worryed
gespalten cleaved
gespaltet cloven
gespannt tense
gespasst jested
gespeichert saved
gespeist dined
gespenstisch ghostlike
gesperrt barricided
gespickt spiked
gespiegelt mirrored
gespielt played
gesplittert splinted
gesponnen spinned
gespottet flouted
gespraechig chatty
gespreizt straddled
gespritzt spattered
gesprochen spoken
gesprudelt sputtered
gesprueht drizzled
gesprungen bounced
gespuelt swilled
gespuert sensed
gespult spooled
gespurtet sprinted
gestaerkt strengthened
gestammelte babbled
gestampft stomped
gestanden confessed
gestapelt stacked
gestarrt gazed
gestartet started
gestatten grant
gestattend granting
gestattet grants
gestehend confessing
gesteht confesses
gestelzt stilted
gestempelte stamped
gestern yesterday
gesteuert steered
gestiegen rised
gestimmt voted
gestochen jabbed
gestoehnt moaned
gestoert troubled
gestoerte perturbed
gestohlen thieved
gestolen stolen
gestolpert stumbled
gestopft plugged
gestossen bumped
gestottert stammered
gestraeubt bristled
gestrahlt beamed
gestrandet aground
gestreckt racked
gestreifte striped
gestrickt knitted
gestritten contended
gestuerzt overturned
gesucht seeked
gesuchte searched
gesuendigt sinned
gesund healthy
gesundet convalesces
getadelt animadverted
getaeuscht deceived
getaeuschte beguiled
getankt refueled
getastet groped
getaucht dived
getauft baptized
getauscht bartered
getaut dewed
geteert tarred
geteilt apportioned
getestet tested
getickt ticked
getobt rioted
getoetet killed
getorkelt lurched
getraellert trolled
getraenkt imbued
getraeumt dreamt
getragen beared
getrampt tramped
getratscht tattled
getrauert mourned
getrennt apart
getrickst tricked
getrieben drifted
getrillert quavered
getrippelt tripped
getrocknet dried
getroedelt dallied
getroepfelt dripped
getroestet solaced
getrommelt drummed
getropft seeped
getrottet jogged
getruebt tarnished
getrunken drunk
geuebt exercised
geurteilt judged
gewachsen grown
gewachst waxed
gewacht waked
gewackelt tottered
gewaehlt dialed
gewaehlte chosen
gewaehren deign
gewaehrend deigning
gewaehrt deigns
gewaehrte deigned
gewagt dared
gewaltig vast
gewaltsam forcible
gewandert flitted
gewandt adroit
gewankt staggered
gewarnt warned
gewartet waited
gewaschen washed
gewatschelt shambled
gewebt weaved
gewechselt bandied
geweckt roused
geweht wafted
geweint weeped
geweisst whitewashed
gewelkt wilted
gewellt waved
gewellte curly
gewesen been
gewetteifert vied
gewettert fulminated
gewettet betted
gewetzt whetted
gewidmet devoted
gewimmelt teemed
gewimmert whimpered
gewinkelt angled
gewinnbringend gainfully
gewinnen extract
gewinnend gaining
gewinnt gains
gewippt seesawed
gewirbelt swirled
gewischt mopped
gewiss certainly
gewissenhaft conscientious
gewissenlos unprincipled
gewittert scented
gewoehnen customize
gewoehnend inuring
gewoehnlich conveniently
gewoehnt accustomed
gewoehnte inured
gewoelbt arched
gewogen weighted
gewogt surged
gewohnt dwelt
gewohnte habitual
gewonnen gained
geworfen flinged
gewrungen mangled
gewuenscht desired
gewuergt choked
gewuerzt flavored
gewuetet raged
gewunden sinuous
gewundert wondered
gezaehlt counted
gezaehmt tamed
gezankt bickered
gezappelt flounced
gezaubert widget
gezecht tippled
gezeichnet designed
gezeigt evinced
gezerrt jerked
gezeugt begotten
gezimmert timbered
gezischt fizzed
gezittert quivered
gezoegert tarried
gezogen pulled
gezuckt shrugged
gezuechtigt castigated
gezupft twitched
gezwickt tweaked
gezwinkert winked
gezwitschert twittered
gezwungen coerced
gibt gives
gierig avid
giessen cast
giessend pouring
giftig poisonous
ging walked
gingen went
gipfeln culminate
gipfelnd culminating
gipfelt culminates
gipfelte culminated
glaenzend brilliant
glaenzender brillianter
glaenzenste brilliantest
glaesern glassy
glaettend sleeking
glaettet sleeks
glasieren glaze
glatt glibby
glatter slicker
glauben belief
glaubend believing
glaubhaft believable
glaubt believes
glaubwuerdig credible
gleich equal
gleichbedeutend tantamount
gleichen resemble
gleichend resembling
gleichfoermig equable
gleichgemacht equalized
gleichgueltig incurious
gleichmachen equalize
gleichmachend equalizing
gleichmaessig even
gleichsam quasi
gleicht resembles
gleichwertig equivalent
gleichwertige equivalents
gleichzeitig coeval
gleiten float
gleitend gliding
gleitet glides
glich resembled
glitzern glint
glitzernd glinting
glitzert glints
glitzerte glittered
global global
glotzen goggle
glotzend goggling
glotzt goggles
glotzte goggled
gluecklich felicitous
gluecklicherweise luckily
gluehen glow
gluehend glowing
glueht glows
gluehte glowed
gnaedig gracious
goettlich divine
golden golden
gottlos godless
graben burrow
grabend digging
graebt digs
graesslich dire
grafisch graphical
grapscht grabs
gratulieren congratulate
gratulierend congratulating
gratuliert congratulates
gratulierte congratulated
grau gray
graupeln sleet
graupelnd sleeting
graupelt sleets
grausam cruel
graven grave
greifbar tangible
greifen snatch
greifend snatching
greift gripes
grell garish
grenzen abut
grenzend abutting
grenzenlos boundless
grenzt abuts
griechisch greek
grillen broil
grillend broiling
grillt broils
grimmig fierce
grinsen smirk
grinsend grinning
grinst grins
grinste grinned
grob coarse
groesser bigger
groesste biggest
gross big
grossartig excellent
grossgeschrieben capitalized
grossmuetig magnanimous
grosszuegig bounteous
grub graved
gruebeln muse
gruebelnd musing
gruebelt muses
gruen green
gruendend basing
gruendlich radical
gruessen greet
gruessend greeting
gruesst greets
grundlegend basically
grundlos baseless
grundsaetzlich categorical
grunzen grunt
grunzend grunting
grunzt grunts
gruppierend grouping
gruppiert grouped
gueltig valid
guenstig favorable
gurgeln gargle
gurgelnd gargling
gurgelt gurgles
gurgelte gargled
gut fine
gutartig good-natured
gutaussehend handsome
haarig hairily
haarlos hairless
haarstraeubend bloodcurdling
haben have
hacken hack
hackend hacking
hackt hacks
haelt holds
haemmernd hammering
haengen hang
haengend gibbeting
haengt gibbets
haerten harden
haertend hardening
haerter harder
haerteste hardest
haertet hardens
haesslich nasty
haesslicher uglier
haesslichste ugliest
haeufen heap
haeufend heaping
haeufig frequent
haeuft heapes
haeuslich domestic
haften adhere
haftend adhering
haftet adheres
haken hook
hakend hooking
hakig hooky
hakt hooks
hakte hooked
halb half
halb- semi
halbieren bisect
halbierend halving
halbiert halved
half helped
haltbar tenable
halten hold
haltend holding
handeln act
handelnd acting
handelt agitate
handgemacht handmade
handhaben manage
handhabend wielding
handhabt wields
handlich handily
harken rake
harkend raking
harkt rakes
harmlos harmless
harmonisch harmonic
harmonisieren harmonize
harmonisierend harmonizing
harmonisiert harmonizes
harmonisierte harmonized
hart callous
hartherzig remorseless
hartnaeckig pertinacious
hassen hate
hassend hating
hasst hates
hasten scurry
hastend bustling
hastet bustles
hastig hastily
hat has
hatte had
hauen hew
hauend hewing
hauptsaechlich generally
hauptstaedtisch metropolitan
hausieren peddle
hausierend peddling
hausiert peddles
hausierte peddled
haut hews
heben heave
hebend heaving
hebt heaves
heftend tacking
heftig boisterous
heikel scabrous
heilbar curable
heilen cure
heilend curing
heilig holy
heiligen hallow
heiligend hallowing
heiligt hallows
heilsam beneficial
heilt cures
heimatlos homeless
heimgesucht infested
heimlich clandestine
heimsuchen infest
heimsuchend infesting
heimtueckisch dastardly
heimwaerts homeward
heiraten marry
heiratend marriyng
heiratet marries
heiser hoarse
heiss ardent
heiter cheerful
hektisch hectic
helfen aid
helfend assisting
hell bright
heller brighter
hellste brightest
hemdsaermelig shirtly
hemmen trig
hemmend trigging
hemmt trigs
hemmungslos unscrupulous
herabgesetzt disparaged
herabgesetzte depreciated
herabsetzen belittle
herabsetzend degrading
herabwuenschen imprecate
herabwuenschend imprecating
heraus out
herausdordern defy
herausfordern provoke
herausfordernd challenging
herausgefordert challenged
herausgegeben released
herausgestellt exposed
herausgreifend picking
herausnehmen rarefy
herausstellen expose
herausstellend exposing
herb harsh
herbstlich autumnal
hergestellt constructed
herkoemmlich conventionally
herrlich funny
herrschen dominate
herrschend dominant
herrscht dominates
herstellen manufacture
herueber over
herueberkommen overcome
herum around
herunter downward
hervorgelockt elicited
hervorgeragt jutted
hervorgerufen evoked
hervorlocken elicit
hervorlockend eliciting
hervorragen jut
hervorragend jutting
hervorrufend evoking
herzlich cordial
herzlos heartless
hetzen rush
hetzend badgering
hetzt badgers
heucheln feign
heuchelnd feigning
heuchelt feigns
heuchlerisch hypocritical
heulen howl
heulend howling
heult howls
heute today
heutige todays
heutzutage nowadays
hier here
hierarchisch hierarchical
hierauf hereupon
hierdurch hereby
hierher hither
hiermit herewith
hierunter hereunder
hiervon hereof
hilflos helpless
hilfreich helpful
hilft aids
himmelwaerts skyward
himmlisch celestial
hinab down
hinauf up
hinaufgeklettert shined
hinaufklettern shin
hinaufkletternd shinning
hinausdraengen expel
hinderlich obstructive
hindern embarrass
hindernd embarrassing
hindert embarrasses
hindurch through
hineindraengen interlope
hineindraengend interloping
hineingedraengt interloped
hingelegt deposited
hingenommen acquiesced
hingerissen ravished
hingewiesen referenced
hingezogen protracted
hinken limp
hinkend limping
hinkriegen wangle
hinkriegend wangling
hinkt limps
hinnehmen acquiesce
hinnehmend acquiescing
hinreissen ravish
hinreissend ravishing
hinter behind
hinterste rearmost
hinterster rear
hintertreiben thwart
hintertreibend thwarting
hintertreibt thwarts
hintertrieben thwarted
hinziehen protract
hinziehend protracting
historisch historical
hob heaved
hoch high
hochachtungsvoll respectfully
hochgehoben uplifted
hochgezogen hoisted
hochheben uplift
hochhebend uplifting
hochmuetig supercilious
hochziehend hoisting
hoechst most
hoechste highest
hoechstes uppermost
hoechstwertig leftmost
hoeflich complimentary
hoeher higher
hoellisch hellish
hoelzern wooden
hoerbar audibly
hoerbare audible
hoeren hear
hoerend hearing
hoert hears
hoffen hope
hoffend hoping
hoffnungslos hopeless
hoffnungsvoll hopeful
hofft hopes
hoffte hoped
hohl cavernous
holend fetching
holt fetches
holzig woody
honigsuess honeyed
horchen hark
horchend harking
horcht harks
horizontal horizontal
hornig horny
huebsch handsome
hueglig hilly
huepfen frisk
huepfend frisking
huepft frisks
huepfte hopped
human humane
humorvoll humorous
humpeln hobble
humpelnd hobbling
humpelt hobbles
humpelte hobbled
hundert hundred
hunderte hundredths
hungern famish
hungernd famishing
hungert famishes
hungerte hungered
hungrig hungrily
hupen honk
hupend honking
hupt honks
hupte honked
hydraulisch hydlaulic
hydrostatisch hydrostatic
hypnotisieren hypnotize
hypnotisierend hypnotizing
hypnotisiert hypnotized
hypothetische hypothetical
hysterisch hysterical
ich i
ideal ideal
idealistisch idealistic
ideell ideally
identifizierbar identificable
identifizieren identify
identifiziert identified
identisch identic
idiotisch idiotic
ignorieren ignore
ignoriert ignores
ihm him
ihr hers
ihre her
illusorisch illusiv
illusory illusory
illustriert illustrated
imaginaer imaginary
imitieren imitate
immer always
immerfort evermore
immergruen evergreen
immerwaehrend everlasting
impfen vaccinate
impfend vaccinating
impft vaccinates
importieren import
importiert imported
improvisieren improvise
improvisierend improvising
improvisiert improvises
improvisierte improvised
impulsiv impulsive
in in
inaktiv inactiv
inaktivieren inactivate
inaktivierend inactivating
inaktiviert inactivated
inbegriffen implied
indessen meanwhile
indirekt indirect
indisch indian
indiskret indiscreetly
individualisiert individualized
individuell indivdual
individuelle individuals
indiziert indexed
indonesisch indonesian
infolgedessen consequently
informativ informative
informatorisch informational
informieren inform
informierend informing
informiert informed
initialisieren inititialize
initialisierend initializing
initialisiert initialized
inklusive inclusive
inkorrekt incorrect
inliegend enclosed
innen indoor
innere inner
innerer interior
innerhalb within
innewohnend inherent
inoffiziell inofficial
insgesamt altogether
instabil unstably
installieren install
installiert installs
instinktiv intuitively
instruiert instructed
integer integer
integriert integrated
intelligent intelligent
intensiv intense
interbrochen interrupted
interessant interesting
interessierend interesting
interessiert interested
intermittierend intermittent
intern internal
interpretiert interpreted
intolerant intolarantly
intuitiv intuitive
invers reverse
invertiert reversed
invertierte inverse
investierend investing
inzwischen meanwhile
ionisiert ionized
ionospherisch ionospheric
irdisch terrestrial
irgendetwas anything
irgendwelche any
irgendwie anyhow
irgendwo anywhere
irgenwie anyway
ironisch ironically
irr madly
irre mad
irreal unreal
irrefuehren mislead
irrefuehrend misdirecting
irregefuehrt misdirected
irregeleitet misguided
irregulaer irregular
irreleiten misdirect
irreleitend misguiding
irrelevant irrelevant
irrend errant
irreparabel irreparable
irrig erroneously
irrsinnig lunatic
isolieren insulate
isometrisch isometric
ist is
italienisch italian
ja yes
jaehrlich annual
jaehzornig irascible
jagd chevies
jagen scud
jagend chasing
jagt chases
jammervoll woebegone
japanisch japanese
jaulen yip
jaulend yipping
jault yips
je...desto the...the
jeder each
jedermanns everyones
jederzeit anytime
jedoch however
jemals ever
jemand anybody
jener yonder
jenseitig ulterior
jenseits beyond
jetzt now
johlen hoot
johlend hooting
johlt hoots
jubeln jubilate
jubelnd jubilating
jubelt jubilates
jubilierend jubilant
jucken itch
juckend itching
juckt itches
juedisch jewish
juenger younger
juengste youngest
jugendlich juvenile
jung young
jungfraeulich maiden
kacheln tile
kachelt tiles
kaempfen brawl
kaempfend fighting
kaempferisch pugnacious
kaempft fights
kaempfte fought
kaeuflich mercenarily
kahl bald
kalt cold
kam came
kampierend camping
kampiert camps
kampierte camped
kanadische canadian
kandiert candied
kapitalisieren capitalize
kapitalisierend capitalizing
kapitalisiert capitalizes
kaprizioes capriciously
kaputt broken
karieren chequer
kariert chequered
karikierend caricaturing
karikiert caricatured
kastanienbraun maroon
kastrieren castrate
kastrierend castrating
kastriert castrates
kastrierte castrated
katalogisiert cataloged
katastrophal disastrous
kategorisieren categorize
kauen chaw
kauend chawing
kauern cower
kauernd cowering
kauert cowers
kaufen cash
kaufend vending
kaufmaennisch commercial
kaufte bought
kaum hardly
kaut chaws
keifen jangle
keifend jangling
keift jangles
keimen germ
keimend germinating
keimt germinates
keimte germinated
kein no
keine none
kennen know
kennend knowing
kennzeichnen signify
kennzeichnet indents
kentern capsize
kenternd capsizing
kentert capsizes
kerbend nicking
kerbt nicks
kernlos seedless
keuchen gasp
keuchend gasping
keucht gaspes
keuchte panted
kichern chuckle
kichernd chuckling
kichert chuckles
kindisch infantile
kindische boyish
kindlich childishly
kindliche childish
kippen cant
kippend canting
kippt cants
kirchlich clerical
kitschig tawdrily
kitten putty
kittend puttying
kittet putties
kitzeln tickle
kitzelnd tickling
kitzelt tickles
kitzlig ticklish
klaeffend yelping
klaefft yelps
klaeffte yelped
klaeglich deplorable
klaeren clarify
klaert clears
klagen bewail
klagend bewailing
klaglos unrepining
klagt bewails
klagte lamented
klammern clamp
klammernd clasping
klammert clamps
klammerte clung
klangvoll melodious
klappen flap
klappern clatter
klappernd clattering
klappert clatters
klappt flips
klar clear
klare lucid
klassifizieren classify
klassifizierend classifying
klassisch classic
klatschen clap
klatschend clapping
klatscht claps
kleben paste
klebrig glutinous
kleiden clothe
kleidet endues
klein little
kleiner less
kleinste smallest
klemmt jams
klettern clamber
kletternd clambering
klettert clambers
klickend clicking
klimpern thrum
klimpernd thrumming
klimpert thrums
klingeln jingle
klingelnd jingling
klingelt jingles
klingen clink
klingend clinking
klingt clinkers
klirren clang
klirrend clanking
klirrt clangs
klirrte clashed
klopfen palpitate
klopfend palpitating
klopft palpitates
klopfte palpitated
klug clever
klumpig lumpish
knapp barely
knauserig ungenerous
knebelnd gagging
kneifen nip
kneifend nipping
kneift nips
kneten knead
knetend kneading
knetet kneads
knieend kneeing
knien kneel
kniet knees
knirschen gnash
knirschend gnashing
knirscht gnashes
knoecherne bony
knoten knot
knotend knotting
knotet knots
knotig knotty
knurren growl
knurrend snarling
knurrt snarls
knusprig crisp
knutschend petting
kochen boil
kochend boiling
kocht boils
koedern decoy
koedernd decoying
koedert lures
koeniglich kinglike
koennen can
koennte could
koepfen behead
koepft decapitates
koernen granulate
koernend granulating
koernt granulates
koerperlich bodily
koestlich delicious
kombinieren combinate
kombinierend combining
kombiniert combined
komfortabel comfortably
komfortable comfortable
komfortabler comfortablier
komisch comic
kommen come
kommend coming
kommentieren annotate
kommentiert commented
kommentierte annotated
kommerziell commercial
kommt comes
kommunizieren comunicate
kommunizierte communicated
kompakt compact
kompatibel compatible
kompatible compatibles
kompensieren compensate
kompensiert compensated
komplex complex
kompliziert complicated
komprimieren compress
komprimierend compressing
komprimiert compressed
komprimierte squeezed
kompromisslos uncompromising
kondensieren condense
kondolieren condole
kondolierend condoling
kondoliert condoles
kondolierte condoled
konfigurieren configure
konfigurierend configuring
konfiguriert configured
konkurieren compete
konsequent consequently
konserviert conserved
konstant constant
konstruieren construct
konstruierend constructing
konstruiert builds
kontinuierlich continuous
kontrollieren check
kontrolliert checked
konventionell conventional
konvertieren convert
konvertiert converted
konzentrierend concentrating
konzentriert lumped
konzentrierte concentrated
kopierbar copyable
kopieren copy
kopierend copying
kopiert copied
koppeln interlink
korrekt correct
korrespondieren correspond
korrespondiert corresponds
korrigierbar corrigible
korrigiert corrected
kosmetisch cosmetic
kosmische cosmic
kostbar precious
kosten cost
kostend costing
kostet costs
kostspielig costly
kotig mirily
krabbeln scrabble
krabbelnd crawling
krabbelt crawls
krachend cracking
kracht cracks
kraechzen caw
kraechzend cawing
kraechzt caws
kraeftig burly
kraeftigen innervate
kraeftigend innervating
kraeftigt innervates
kraehen crow
kraenkeln ail
kraenkelnd ailing
kraenkelt ails
kraenken aggrieve
kraenkend aggrieving
kraenklich valetudinarian
kraenkt aggrieves
kraftlos infirm
kraftvoll forceful
krakeelen roister
krakeelend brawling
krakeelt brawls
krakeelte brawled
krank diseased
krankhaft morbid
kranzfoermig annular
kratzen scrape
kratzend scraping
kratzt scrapes
kreischen squawk
kreischend shrieking
kreischt shrieks
kreisen gyrate
kreisend gyrating
kreisfoermig circular
kreist gyrates
kriechen crawl
kriechend creeping
kriecht creeps
kriegerisch martial
kritisch critical
kritisieren criticize
kritzeln scrawl
kritzelnd scrawling
kritzelt scrawls
kruemelnd crumbing
kruemelt crumbs
kruemmen writhe
kruemmend crooking
kruemmt crooks
krumm crooked
kuehlen refrigerate
kuehlend refrigerating
kuehlt refrigerates
kuehn audaciously
kuehner keener
kuehnste keenest
kuenftig future
kuenstlerisch artistic
kuenstlich artificial
kuerzen abridge
kuerzend abbreviating
kuerzer shorter
kuerzlich lately
kuerzt abbreviates
kuessen kiss
kuessend kissing
kuesst kisses
kugelfoermig spherical
kultivieren cultivate
kultivierend cultivating
kultiviert cultivates
kultivierte cultivated
kulturell cultural
kunstgerecht workmanlike
kunstvoll artful
kuppeln couple
kuppelnd pimping
kuppelt pimps
kurz brief
kurze short
kurzerhand shorthand
kuscheln snuggle
kuschelnd snuggling
kuschelt snuggles
lachen laugh
lachend laughing
lacht laughs
laden charge
ladend loading
laecheln simper
laechelnd simpering
laechelt simpers
laecherlich laughable
laedt charges
laehmen lame
laehmend palsying
laehmt palsies
laendlich rural
laenger longer
laengsseits alongside
laengste longest
laermend blatant
laermt fusses
laessig remiss
laesst lets
laestig burdensome
laeuft runs
laeuten ring
laeutend knolling
lagal legally
lagern encamp
lagernd encamping
lagert encamps
lahm lame
laienhaft unaware
lang long
langsam slow
langsamer slower
langweilig tedious
lassen let
lassend letting
lasterhaft vicious
lau tepid
lauern lurk
lauernd lurking
lauert lurks
laufend current
lauffaehig executable
launisch capricious
lausig lousily
laut aloud
lautlos soundless
lauwarm lukewarm
lebend living
lebendig alive
lebensunfaehig unlivable
lebhaft bouncy
leblos inanimate
lebt lives
lebte lived
lecken leak
leckend lambent
lecker daintily
leckerer daintier
leckerste daintiest
leckt leaks
lediglich merely
leer blank
leeren deplete
leerend blanking
leerer blanker
leert depletes
legal legal
legen put
legend laying
legieren alloy
legiert alloyed
legitimieren legitimate
legt poses
lehnen recline
lehnend leaning
lehnt leans
lehren teach
lehrend teaching
lehrreich instructive
leichenhaft cadaverous
leicht easy
leichtfertig frivolous
leichtglaeubig credulous
leichtsinnig flippant
leiden suffer
leidend suffering
leidenschaftlich impassioned
leidet suffers
leihen lend
leihend lending
leiht lends
leimend gluing
leimt glues
leise quiet
leisten render
leistend rending
leistet renders
leistete rendered
leiten conduct
leitend conducting
leitet directs
lenkbar dirigible
lernen learn
lernend learning
lernt learns
lernte learned
lesbar legibly
lesen read
lesend reading
leserlich legible
letzte hindmost
letzter ultimate
letztlich lately
letztmalig ultimately
leuchtend luminous
leutselig affable
liderlich lewd
lieb brave
liebaeugeln ogle
liebaeugelnd ogling
liebaeugelt ogles
liebaeugelte ogled
liebe dear
lieben love
liebend loving
liebenswert lovable
liebenswuerdig amiable
liebevoll affectionate
liebkosen caress
liebkosend caressing
liebkost caresses
liebkoste caressed
lieblich lovely
lieblos uncharitable
liebt loves
lief ran
lieferbar deliverable
liefern supply
liefert affords
lieferte supplied
liegen lie
liegend horizontal
liegt lies
liest reads
lindern palliate
lindernd allaying
lindert alleviates
linear linear
liniiert lined
linke left
linkt links
lispeln lisp
lispelnd lisping
lispelt lisps
list wile
listet lists
literarisch literarily
lizensieren licensee
lizensiert licensed
loben laud
lobend lauding
lobenswert laudable
lobt lauds
lobte laudet
locken entice
lockend enticing
locker lax
lockernd limbering
lockt entices
loeffelnd spooning
loeschbar erasable
loeschen clear
loeschend cancelling
loescht erases
loesen solve
loesend detaching
loeslich soluble
loest disengages
loeten solder
loetend soldering
loetet solders
logarithmisch logarithmic
logisch logical
logische logic
lohnen remunerate
lohnend remunerating
lohnt remunerates
lokalisieren locate
losbinden unbind
losbindend unbinding
losgekoppelt uncoupled
losgeschraubt unscrewed
loskoppeln uncouple
loskoppelnd uncoupling
losschrauben unscrew
losschraubend unscrewing
luestern lascivious
luesternd lasciviously
luftig aerial
lustig frolicsome
lustlos listless
luxurioes luxurious
lynchen lynch
lynchend lynching
lyncht lynches
lyrisch lyric
machen make
machend making
macht makes
maechtig mightily
maedchenhaft girlish
maehen mow
maehend mowing
maeht mowes
maennlich male
maessig abstemious
maessigen temper
maessigend moderating
maessigt moderates
maesten cram
maestend cramming
maestet crams
mag likes
magenta magenta
mager gaunt
magisch magic
magnetisch magnetic
mahlend milling
mahnen dun
mahnend dunning
mahnt duns
majestaetisch majestic
malen paint
malerisch pictorial
malt paints
manchmal sometime
mangelhaft defectively
mangelhafte defectiv
manierlich mannerly
manipulieren gerrymander
manipulierend manipulating
manipuliert manipulated
mannhaft manful
mannigfaltig multifarious
manoevrieren manoeuvre
manuell manually
markieren mark
markierend marking
markiert marked
markig marrowy
marktfaehig marketable
marschierend marching
marschiert marches
marschierte marched
marternd martyring
martert martyrs
maskierbar maskable
maskierte masked
massenhaft plentiful
massieren massage
massierend massaging
massiert massages
massierte massaged
massig bulky
massiv massive
masslos exorbitant
mathematisch algebraic
mathematische mathematics
matt dull
mausen pilfer
mausend pilfering
mausern molt
mausernd molting
mausert molts
maximal maximal
maximierend maximizing
mechanisch mechanical
mechanisieren mechanize
mechanisierend mechanizing
mechanisiert mechanizes
mechanisierte mechanized
medizinisch medicinal
medizinische medical
mehr more
mehrdeutig equivocal
mehrdeutige ambiguous
mehrere several
mehrfach multiple
mehrfache multilple
mehrnamig polynomial
mehrstufig multistage
meiden eschew
meidend eschewing
meidet eschews
mein mine
meine my
meinen opine
meinend opining
meint opines
meinte opined
meist almost
meistens mostly
meisterhaft masterful
melden notify
melkend milking
melkt milks
melodisch tuneful
menschlich human
merkbar appreciable
merkend perceiving
messbar measurable
messend measuring
metallisch metallic
methodisch methodic
metrisch metric
mexikanisch mexican
mgnetisch magneticly
miauen miaow
miauend miaowing
miaut miaows
miaute miaowed
mieten rent
mietend leasing
mietet leases
milchig milky
mild clement
milder milder
mildern mitigate
mildernd mitigating
mildert mitigates
mildeste mildest
militaerisch militarily
millionste millionth
mimisch mimic
mineralisch minerally
minimale minimal
minimieren minimize
minimierend minimizing
minimiert minimized
minus minus
mir me
mischbar mergeable
mischen blend
mischend merging
mischt mashs
missbilligen disapprove
missbilligend disapproving
missbilligt disapproves
missbilligte disapproved
missbrauchen abuse
missbrauchend abusing
missbraucht abused
missdeuten misconstrue
missdeutend misconstruing
missdeutet misconstrues
missfaellt displeases
missfallen displease
missfallend displeasing
missgedeutet misconstrued
missgoennen begrudge
missgoennend grudging
missgoennt begrudges
missgoennte begrudged
misshandeln maltread
misshandelnd maltreating
misshandelt maltreads
misslingen miscarry
misslingend miscarrying
misslingt miscarries
misslungen failed
misstrauen distrust
misstrauend distrusting
misstrauisch distrustful
misstraut distrusts
misstraute distrusted
missverstanden misapprehended
missverstehen misapprhend
missverstehend misconceiving
missversteht misapprehends
mit communicatekorrespondiert
miteinander together
mitgewirkt concured
mitleidig compassionate
mitschleppen inherit
mitteilen acquaint
mittelalterlich mediaeval
mittellos penniless
mittelmaessig mediocre
mittelste midmost
mittig concentric
mitwirkend concuring
moderig frowstily
modern fashionable
moderner moderner
modernisieren modernize
modernisierend modernizing
modernisiert modernized
modernste modernest
modisch fashionable
modrig moldily
modulierend modulating
moduliert modulates
modulierte modulated
moegend liking
moeglich possible
moegliche eventual
moeglicherweise possibly
moenchisch monkish
monatlich monthly
mondhell moonlit
mondsuechtig moonstruck
monochrom monochromatic
monumental monumentally
moosig mossy
morgen tomorrow
motiviert motived
motorisieren motorize
motorisierend motorizing
motorisiert motorized
muede tired
muehelos effortlessly
muehevoll troublesome
muehsam arduous
muendlich oral
muerbe mellow
muerrisch glum
muessen must
muessig truantly
muetterlich maternal
muffig mustily
mundvoll mouthful
munter jauntily
murmeln mumble
murmelnd mumbling
murmelt mumbles
murren grumble
murrend grumbling
murrt grumbles
musikalisch musical
muskuloes brawny
mutig audacious
mutiplizieren multiply
mystisch mystic
nach after
nachahmend simulating
nachbarlich neighborly
nachbilden emulate
nachbildend cloning
nachdem having
nachdenken cogitate
nachdenkend meditating
nachdenklich contemplative
nachdruecklich emphatic
nacherwaermen reheat
nachgeahmt emulated
nachgebend relenting
nachgebildet cloned
nachgedacht meditated
nachgegeben relented
nachgeladene downloaded
nachgelassen slackened
nachgemacht counterfeit
nachher afterwards
nachlaessig neglectful
nachlassen fade
nachlassend slackening
nachmachend counterfeiting
nachmittags pm
nachschleppen drag
nachsichtig indulgent
nackt bare
naechste nearest
naechstes next
naechtlich nightly
naehen stitch
naehend needling
naeher nearer
naehern approach
naehernd approaching
naehert approaches
naehren nourish
naehrend nourishing
naehrt nourishes
naeht stitches
naerrisch foolish
nagelneu brand-new
nagen gnaw
nagend gnawing
nagt gnaws
nahe near
nahezu nearly
nahm took
nahrhaft nutritious
naiv naive
namenlos nameless
namens behalf
namentlich namely
namentliche nominal
namhaft well-known
narbig scarred
narkotisierend narcotic
nasal nasal
nass wet
nasser wetter
national nationally
nationale national
nationalitaetbezogene nationalized
natuerlich naturally
natuerlicher naturallier
natuerlichste naturalliest
nautisch nautical
neben beside
nebeneinander abreast
nebensaechlich negligible
neblig foggy
nebligste foggiest
necken banter
neckend bantering
neckt banters
negativ negative
nehmen keep
nehmend catching
neidisch envious
neigend slanting
neigt slants
nein no
neppend vamping
neppt vamps
nerven nerve
nervend nerving
nervoes jumpily
nervt nerves
nervte nerved
nett neat
netter jollier
netteste jolliest
neu afresh
neu- re
neuartig innovative
neuerdings latterly
neuformatieren reformat
neugierig curious
neugierigste nosiest
neuinstallieren reinstall
neulich recently
neun nine
neunte ninth
neuntens ninthly
neunzehn nineteen
neunzig ninety
neustarten restart
neuste newest
neutral neutral
neutralisieren neutralize
neutralisierend neutralizing
neutralisiert neutralized
nicht non
nichtgewerblich noncommercial
nichts nothing
nichtsdestoweniger nevertheless
nichtssagend unmeaning
nie never
niedergemetzelt massacred
niedermetzelnd massacring
niederschlagen condense
niedrig low
niedrigerer lower
niemals never
niemand nobody
niesen sneeze
niesend sneezing
niest sneezes
nimmt cashes
nippen sip
nippend sipping
nippt sips
nirgends nowhere
nisten nestle
nistend nestling
nistet nestles
noch nor
noerdlich northerly
noergeln nag
noergelnd nagging
noergelt nags
noetig neccessary
normal normal
normalerweise normally
normalisieren normalize
normalisierend normalizing
normalisiert normalizes
normalisierte normalized
norwaerts northwards
norwegisch norwegian
notierend noting
notiert noted
notierte noticed
notwendig necessary
notwendigerweise necessarily
nuechtern jejune
nuetzen utilize
nuetzend profitting
nuetzende benefiting
nuetzlich beneficial
nuetzt benefits
numerisch numeric
numerische numerical
nummerierend numbering
nummeriert numbered
nun now
nur only
nussig nuttily
nutzen utilize
nutzlos needless
ob if
oben above
oberer superior
oberflaechlich superficial
oberhalb above
obgleich although
obliegend incumbent
obszoen obscene
obwohl although
oder or
oede bleak
oeffentlich public
oeffnen unclose
oeffnend opening
oeffnet opens
oelig oilily
oertlich local
oestlich eastern
offen candidly
offenbar manifest
offenbaren reveal
offenbarend manifesting
offenbart disclosed
offenbarte manifested
offengelegt unfolded
offenlegen unfold
offenlegend unfolding
offensichtlich evident
offiziell offical
oft frequently
ohne devoid
opfernd sacrificing
opfert sacrifices
optimal optimum
optimieren optimalize
optimierend optimizing
optimiert optimized
optimistisch optimistic
optisch optical
ordentlich fair
ordernd ordering
ordnen tabulate
ordnend tabulating
ordnet tabulates
organisatorisch organizational
organisch organic
organisieren organize
organisierend organizing
organisiert organized
orientieren orientate
orientierend orientating
orientiert orientates
orientierte orientated
original orginal
originell originally
outzend furbishing
oval oval
packen grapple
packend grappling
packt grapples
packte grasped
paffen whiff
paffend whiffing
pafft whiffs
paketieren packet
panisch panic
parallel parallel
parfuemierend perfuming
parfuemierte perfumed
parkend parking
parkt parks
passend aptly
passiert passes
passiv passive
passt suits
pausierend pausing
pausiert paused
pedantisch pedanticly
peinlich painful
peitschen flog
peitschend flogging
peitscht flogs
pendelnd shuttling
penibel squeamish
perfekt perfect
periodisch periodic
persoenlich personal
pfeifen whistle
pfeifend whistling
pfeift whistles
pflanzen plant
pflanzend implanting
pflanzt implants
pflastern pave
pflasternd paving
pflastert paves
pflegen cherish
pflegend cherishing
pflegt cherishes
pflichtgemaess obligatorily
pfluegen plow
pfluegt ploughs
pfui! fie
pfuschen fudge
pfuschend fudging
pfuscht fudges
phantastisch fanciful
philosophieren philosophize
philosophierend philosophizing
philosophiert philosophizes
philosophierte philosophized
phonetisch phonetical
photographierend photographing
physikalisch physically
physisch physical
plaedieren plead
plaedierend pleading
plaedierte pleaded
plagend bothering
planend planning
planschen swash
plantschend swashing
plantscht swashes
plappern chatter
plappernd chattering
plappert chatters
platschen plash
platschend plashing
platscht plashes
platzen burst
platzend bursting
platzt bursts
plaudern chat
plaudernd nattering
plaudert natters
plazierend placing
plaziert placed
ploetzlich abrupt
ploetzliche sudden
pluendern harry
pluendernd harrying
pluendert harries
plump clownish
plumpsen bump
plus plus
polemisch polemic
politisch political
polsternd padding
populaer popular
poroes porous
positionierend positioning
positioniert positioned
positiv positively
postalisch postal
praechtig gorgeous
praegend minting
praegt mints
praesent present
praesentiert presents
prahlen boast
prahlend boasting
prahlerisch vainglorious
prahlt boasts
praktisch practical
praktizierend practising
praktiziert practises
praktizierte practised
prall plump
preislos priceless
preiswert inexpensive
pressen huddle
pressend huddling
presst huddles
primitive primitive
privat private
pro per
probend rehearsing
probierend sampling
probiert samples
probierte sampled
probt rehearses
produktiv productive
professionell professional
profitiert profits
programmierbar programmable
programmierend programming
programmiert programmed
prophezeien prophesy
prophezeiend auguring
prophezeit augurs
prophezeite presaged
proportional proportional
pruefen check
pruefend checking
prueft checks
pruegeln thrash
pruegelnd thrashing
pruegelt canes
prunkvoll pompous
puenktlich punctual
pumpen pump
pumpt pumps
punktiert dotted
putzen brush
putzt furbishes
quaelen agonize
quaelend agonizing
quaelt agonizes
quaelte smote
quaken quack
quakend quacking
quakt quacks
quasseln yap
quasselnd yapping
quasselt yaps
quellend welling
quengelig grouchy
quengeln grouch
quengelnd grouching
quengelt grouches
quetschen squish
quetschend bruising
quetscht bruises
quieken squeak
quiekend squeaking
quiekt squeaks
quillt wells
rachsuechtig revengeful
radfahrend bicycling
radioaktiv radio-active
raechen avenge
raechend avenging
raecht avenges
raedrig wheeled
raekeln loll
raekelnd lolling
raekelt lolls
raendeln knurl
raet advises
raetselhaft enicmatical
raeuberisch predatorily
raeudig mangily
raeumen evacuate
raeumend evacuating
raeumt evacuates
raffiniert cagey
randalierend rioting
rangieren shunt
rangierend shunting
rangiert shunts
rangierte shunted
ranzig rancid
rar rare
rasch quick
rascheln rustle
raschelnd rustling
raschelt rustles
rasen rave
rasenbedeckt sodded
rasend raving
rasieren shave
rasierend shaving
rasiert shaves
rasierte shaved
raspeln rasp
raspelnd rasping
raspelt rasps
rasseln rattle
rasselnd rattling
rasselt rattles
rastern grate
raten advise
ratend advising
rationalisieren rationalize
rationalisierend rationalizing
rationalisiert rationalizes
ratlos helpless
ratsam advisable
rauben rob
raubend raping
raubt rapes
rauchend fuming
rauchig smokily
raucht fumes
rauchte fumed
raufen scuffle
raufend scuffling
rauft scuffles
rauh inclement
rauschen sough
rauschend soughing
rauscht soughs
rauschte soughed
reagieren react
reagierend reacting
reagiert reacts
reagierte reacted
reaktiviert reactivated
realisieren implement
realistisch realistic
rebellierend rebelling
rebellierte rebelled
rebellisch rebellious
rechnen comput
rechnend computing
rechnet reckons
rechteckig oblong
rechterhand righthand
rechtfertigend justifying
rechtfertigt justifies
rechtlich legal
rechtzeitig timely
reden discourse
redet discourses
reduzieren reduce
reflektieren reflect
reflektierend reflecting
reflektiert reflected
reformierend reforming
reformiert reforms
reformierte reformed
regelmaessig regular
regelnd managing
regelt manages
regelwidrig anomalously
regieren reign
regierend reigning
regiert reigns
regierte reigned
registriert registered
regnen rain
regnend raining
regnerisch rainily
regnet rains
regulaer regular
regulieren regulate
regungslos motionless
reiben chafe
reibend chafing
reibt chafes
reich affluent
reichend reaching
reichlich abound
reicht reaches
reif mature
reifend maturing
reift matures
reihend ranking
reiht ranks
rein chaste
reinigen purge
reinigend cleaning
reinigt cleans
reinste cleanest
reisen travel
reisend touring
reissen rend
reissend wrenching
reisst wrenches
reist travels
reizbar excitable
reizbarer excitablier
reizen tease
reizend charming
reizlos unattractive
reizloser unattarctivier
reizloseste uncomeliest
reizt excites
rekonfiguriert reconfigured
rekonstruieren reconstruct
rekonstruiert reconstructed
relativ relative
religioes religious
renovieren redecorate
renovierend redecorating
renoviert redecorates
renovierte redecorated
reorganisieren reorganize
reorganisierend reorganizing
reorganisiert reorganized
reparieren repair
repariert repaires
repraesentativ representative
repraesentierend representing
repraesentiert represented
reproduzieren reproduces
reproduzierend reproducing
reservieren dedicate
reserviert reserved
resident resident
respektierend respecting
respektiert respects
respektlos irreverent
restauriert restores
retionalisierte rationalized
retten salve
rettend rescuing
rettet rescues
reuevoll contrite
reuig penitent
revolutionaer revolutionary
rhythmisch rhythmic
richtig correct
riechen smell
riechend smelling
riecht smells
riesenhaft gigantic
riesig giant
ringfoermig annular
ringt wrests
riskierend venturing
riskierte ventured
riss tore
ritterlich knightly
rituell ritual
robust tough
rodeln toboggan
rodelnd tobogganing
rodelt toboggans
roehrenfoermig tubular
roesten parch
roestend parching
roestet parchs
roeten redden
roetend reddening
roetet reddens
roetlich reddish
roh raw
roher rawer
rohest rawest
rollen trundle
rollend trundling
rollt rolls
rosa pink
rosten oxidize
rostend oxidizing
rostet oxidizes
rostfrei rustless
rostig rustily
rot red
rotierend rotating
rotiert rotates
rubinrot ruby
ruckartig fitful
rudern scull
rudernd sculling
rudert sculls
rueckberechnen recalculate
rueckberechnet recalculated
rueckbezeichnen redesignate
ruecklaeufig retrograde
rueckrechnend recalculating
rueckrufen recall
ruecksichtslos inconsiderate
rueckversichern reinsure
rueckversichernd reinsuring
rueckversichert reinsures
rueckversicherte reinsured
rueckwaertig rearward
rueckwaerts aback
rueckweisen repel
rueckwirkend retroactive
ruehmen vaunt
ruehmend vaunting
ruehmt vaunts
ruehren stir
ruehrend stiring
ruehrselig maudlin
ruehrt stirs
ruestig hale
rufen call
ruft calls
ruhelos restless
ruhen repose
ruhend dormant
ruhig calm
ruhiger quieter
ruht reposes
ruhte reposed
rumpeln rumble
rumpelnd rumbling
rumpelt rumbles
rund round
rundend rounding
rundlich chubbily
runzelnd wrinkling
runzelt wrinkles
russig sootily
russisch russian
sabotieren ratten
sabotierend rattening
sabotiert rattens
sabotierte rattened
sachdienlich pertinent
sachlich objective
sacken sag
sackend sagging
sackt sags
saeen seed
saeend seedling
saegen sawes
saegend sawing
saemtlich altogether
saet seeds
saettigen sate
saettigend sating
saettigt sates
saeubern cleanup
saeuerlich sourish
saeuernd souring
saeumen hem
saftig juicily
saftlos sapless
sagen say
sagend saying
sagenhaft fabulous
sagt says
sagte said
sah saw
salbungsvoll unctuous
salopp rakish
salzend salting
salzig salty
salzt salts
sammeln gather
sammelnd collecting
sammelt collects
sammelte gathered
samtig velvety
sandig sandily
sanft bland
sanftmuetig gentle
satteln saddle
sattelt saddles
sauber clean
sauberer cleaner
sauer sour
saugen suck
saugend sucking
saugfaehig absorbent
saugt sucks
schachmatt checkmate
schadend harming
schadet harms
schaebig pokily
schaebiger shabbier
schaebigste shabbiest
schaedigend injuring
schaedigt injures
schaedlich harmfull
schaelen pare
schaelend hulling
schaelt hulls
schaemen blush
schaendlich disgraceful
schaerfen sharpen
schaerfend sharpening
schaerfer sharper
schaerft sharpens
schaetzen appraise
schaetzend appraising
schaetzenswert estimable
schaetzt appraises
schaetzte appreciated
schaeumend foaming
schaeumt foams
schaffen create
schaffend constituting
schaltend switching
schaltet toggles
schamhaft shamefaced
schamlos shameless
scharf acrid
scharfsinnig astute
schattierend shading
schattierte shaded
schattig shadily
schaudern shudder
schaudernd shivering
schaudert shivers
schaufeln scoop
schaufelnd scooping
schaufelt scoops
schaukelnd rocking
schaumig foamily
schaut looks
scheckig brindle
scheibchenweise sliced
schein- pseudo
scheinbar apparently
scheinen seem
scheinend seeming
scheinheilig sanctimonious
scheint seems
schelmisch waggish
schelten chide
schematisch diagrammatic
schenken donate
schenkend donating
schenkt donates
scherzen frolic
scherzend frolicing
scherzhaft jocose
scherzt frolics
scheu shy
scheusslich atrocious
schichtend layering
schick chic
schieben shove
schiebend shoving
schiebt shoves
schief skew
schien evidenced
schiessend shooting
schiesst shoots
schiffbar navigable
schiffbruechig shipwrecked
schildert depicts
schillernd iridescent
schimmern glimmer
schimmernd gleaming
schimmert gleams
schimmerte gleamed
schimpfen inveigh
schimpfend inveighing
schimpft chides
schimpfte railed
schlachten slaughter
schlachtend slaughtering
schlachtet slaughters
schlacksig lanky
schlaefrig sleepily
schlaeft nods
schlaegt batters
schlaengeln worming
schlaengelnd wriggling
schlaengelt wriggles
schlafen nod
schlafend asleep
schlaff flabbily
schlaffer flabbier
schlaffste flabbiest
schlaflos sleepless
schlagen batter
schlagend battering
schlagfertig glib
schlammig muddily
schlampig sloppy
schlank slenderly
schlau cleverly
schlecht bad
schlechter worse
schlechteste worst
schleichen skulk
schleichend skulking
schleicht skulks
schleifen grind
schlendern roam
schlendernd roaming
schlendert roams
schleppen haul
schleppend hauling
schleppt hauls
schleudern fling
schleudernd hurling
schleudert hurls
schlicht artless
schliessen clause
schliessend closing
schliesslich finally
schliesst closes
schlimm fatal
schlitzend slitting
schluchzen sob
schluchzend sobbing
schluchzt sobs
schluckend swallowing
schluepfen slip
schluepfend slipping
schluepfrig slipperily
schluepft slips
schluerft scuffs
schlummern nap
schlummernd napping
schlummert naps
schlummerte napped
schlurfen scuff
schlurfend scuffing
schmackhaft palatable
schmaechtig slender
schmal narrow
schmeckend smacking
schmeckt smacks
schmeicheln coax
schmeichelnd coaxing
schmeichelt coaxes
schmelzen liquefies
schmelzend liquefying
schmerzen ache
schmerzend aching
schmerzhaft dolorous
schmerzlich painfully
schmerzlos painless
schmerzt aches
schmieren daub
schmierend daubing
schmierig greasily
schmiert daubs
schmierte greased
schmilzt melts
schmollen pout
schmollend pouting
schmollt pouts
schmorend stewing
schmort stews
schmuecken decorate
schmueckend decorating
schmueckt decorates
schmuggeln smuggle
schmuggelnd smuggling
schmuggelt smuggles
schmutzig dingily
schnappen nab
schnappend nabbing
schnappt nabs
schnarchen snore
schnarchend snoring
schnarcht snores
schnattern cackle
schnatternd cackling
schnattert cackles
schnatterte gabbled
schnaufen wheeze
schneiden cut
schneidend incisive
schneidernd tailoring
schneidet cuts
schneidig dashing
schneiend snowing
schneit snows
schnell fast
schneller faster
schnellste fastest
schnellstens expressly
schnibbeln whittle
schnibbelnd whittling
schnibbelt whittles
schnippend snipping
schnippisch snappish
schnippt snips
schnueffeln sniff
schnueffelnd sniffing
schnueffelt sniffs
schnurren purr
schnurrend purring
schnurrt purrs
schockierend shocking
schockiert shocks
schoen beautiful
schoepferisch creative
schon already
schonungslos unsparing
schraeg oblique
schraubend screwing
schraubt screws
schrecklich awful
schreiben write
schreibend typeing
schreibt types
schreien scream
schreiend crying
schreit clamors
schreiten tread
schreitend treading
schreitet treads
schrieb wrote
schrill shrill
schrillend shrilling
schrillt shrills
schritt trod
schroff brusque
schrumpelig wizen
schrumpfen shrink
schrumpfend shrivelling
schrumpft shrinks
schruppend scrubbing
schruppt scrubs
schuechtern bashful
schuetteln shake
schuettelnd shaking
schuettelt shakes
schuetzen guard
schuetzend patronizing
schuetzt protects
schuften plod
schuftend plodding
schuftet plods
schulden owe
schuldet owes
schuldig guilty
schulmaessig scholastic
schulternd shouldering
schuppig scaly
schurkisch roguish
schwach feeble
schwacher weaker
schwaechen debilitate
schwaechend debilitating
schwaecher weaklier
schwaechste weakliest
schwaecht debilitates
schwaermt raves
schwaerzen blacken
schwaerzt blackens
schwaetzen prate
schwaetzend prating
schwaetzt gossips
schwammig spongily
schwanger pregnantly
schwanken falter
schwankend faltering
schwankt falters
schwarz black
schwatzen blab
schwatzend blabbing
schwatzhaft garrulous
schwatzt blabs
schweben hover
schwebend hovering
schwebt hovers
schwebte hovered
schwedisch swedish
schweigend silently
schweigsam taciturn
schweinisch hoggish
schweissen weld
schweissend welding
schweisst welds
schweizerisch swiss
schwelen smoulder
schwelend smouldering
schwellen swell
schwelt smoulders
schwer heavy
schwerfaellig clumsy
schwerlich gravely
schwermuetig melancholy
schwesterlich sisterly
schwierig difficult
schwimmend floating
schwindelig dizzily
schwindeln fib
schwindelnd giddy
schwindelt fibs
schwinden dwindle
schwindend dwindling
schwindet dwindles
schwingen oscillate
schwingend oscillating
schwingt oscillates
schwirren twang
schwirrend twanging
schwirrt twangs
schwitzen perspire
schwitzend perspiring
schwitzt perspires
schwoeren swear
schwoerend swearing
schwoert swears
schwuel muggily
schwueler muggier
schwuelste muggiest
sechs six
sechste sixth
sechzehn sixteen
sechzehnte sixteenth
sechzig sixty
sechzigste sixtieth
seekrank seasick
seetuechtig seaworthy
seewaerts seaward
segelnd sailing
segelt sails
segnet blesses
sehen view
sehend looking
sehnend longing
sehnsuechtig wishful
sehnt longs
sehr very
seicht shallow
seiden silken
seiend being
seifig soapily
sein be
seine its
seit since
seitennummeriert paged
seitig sided
seitlich lateral
seitwaerts askance
selbe same
selbst self
selbstaendig independent
selbstantwortend autoanswering
selbstgemacht homemade
selbstlos disinterested
selbstsuechtig selfish
selten infrequent
seltsam queer
senden broadcast
sendend sending
sendet sends
sengen singe
sengt singes
senil senile
senkrecht perpendicular
senkrechte verticle
sensationell sensational
sentimental sentimental
sequentielle sequential
seriell serial
sesshaft sedentarily
setzbar settable
setzend setting
setzt sets
seufzend sighing
seufzt sighs
sicher certainly
sichere safe
sicherer securer
sichern backup
sichernd ensuring
sicherste safest
sichert ensures
sichtbar visually
sichtig sighted
sickernd oozing
sickert oozes
sie them
sieben seven
siebend sieving
siebt sieves
siebte seventh
siebzehn seventeen
siebzehnte seventeenth
siebzig seventy
sieden seethe
siedend seething
siedet seethes
siegelnd sealing
siegelt seals
siegreich victorious
sieht sees
similieren simulate
simuliert simulates
simulierte simulated
sind are
singen sing
sinkende sinking
sinnlich sensual
sinnlos senseless
sitzen sit
sitzend sitting
sitzt sits
skeptisch sceptical
skilaufend skiing
skizzierend outlining
skizziert outlined
sklavisch slavish
skrupellos ruthless
so so
sofort immediate
sogar yet
solch such
solide solid
sollte ought
sommerlich summerly
sonderbar weird
sonnig sunny
sonst else
sonstwo elsewhere
sorgfaeltig careful
sorglos careless
sorgt worrys
sorgte cared
sortieren assort
sortierend assorting
sortiert assorts
sortierte assorted
spaehen peer
spaehend peering
spaeht peers
spaehte peered
spaerlich spare
spaet late
spaeter afterward
spalten cleave
spaltend riving
spaltet rives
spaltete cleft
spanisch spanish
sparsam spare
spassen jest
spassend jesting
spassig joky
spasst jests
speichern save
speichernd storing
speichert saves
speisen dine
speisend dining
speist dines
sperren barricade
sperrend barricading
sperrt barricades
spezial special
speziell respectively
spezifische specific
spezifizieren itemise
spezifiziert specifies
spezifizierte specified
spielen gamble
spielend gambling
spielerisch playful
spielt gambles
spielte gambled
spinnt spins
spitz peaked
spitzfindig captious
splitternd splinting
splittert splints
spoettisch derisive
spontan spontaneous
spotten flout
spottend flouting
spottet flouts
sprach spoke
sprachlos dumbly
sprang jumped
sprechen speak
sprechend speaking
spreizen straddle
spreizend straddling
spreizt straddles
spricht speaks
sprichwoertlich proverbial
spriessen sprout
spriessend sprouting
spriesst sprouts
springen bounce
springend bouncing
springt bounces
spritzen bespatter
spritzend bestattering
spritzt bespatters
spritzte bespattered
sprudeln bubble
sprudelnd effervescent
sprudelt sputters
spruehen drizzle
spruehend drizzling
sprueht drizzles
spuelen scavenge
spuelend swilling
spuelt swills
spulen spool
spulend spooling
spult spools
spurlos trackless
spurten sprint
spurtend sprinting
spurtet sprints
stabil robust
staedtisch municipal
staemmig stockily
staendig permanent
staerken strengthen
staerkend restorative
staerkt strengthens
stahl stole
stammeln babble
stammelt babbles
stampfen stomp
stampfend stomping
stampft stomps
standard standard
stapelnd stacking
stapelt stacks
starhlend shining
stark potent
starr numb
starren gaze
starrend gazing
starrsinnig pigheaded
starrt gazes
starten commence
startend actuating
startet actuates
statistische statistical
stattlich portly
staubig dusty
staunend wondering
stechen jab
stechend jabbing
stehen stand
stehend vertical
stehlen burgle
stehlend stealing
steht stands
steif stiff
steigen rise
steigend rising
steigern raise
steigt rises
steil steep
steinig stonily
sterbend dying
sterblich mortal
sternenklar starlit
stets always
steuernd steering
steuerpflichtig declarable
steuert steers
stibitzt pilfers
sticheln taunt
stichelt taunts
sticht jabs
stiehlt steals
still calm
stille silent
stillgelegt inoperative
stillschweigend tacit
stimmen attune
stimmend attuning
stimmt attunes
stimnmend voting
stinkend fetid
stockend stagnant
stoebern quarry
stoebert quarries
stoeckig storeyed
stoehnen groan
stoehnend groaning
stoehnt groans
stoeren perturb
stoerend perturbing
stoert perturbs
stoesst buffets
stoisch stoic
stolpern stumble
stolpernd stumbling
stolpert stumbles
stolz haughtily
stolzieren strut
stolzierend strutting
stolziert struts
stolzierte strutted
stopfend stuffing
stopft plugs
stossen butt
stossend buffeting
stottern stammer
stotternd stammering
stottert stammers
straeuben bristle
straeubt bristles
strafbar culpable
strafen punish
strafend punishing
straft punishes
strafte punished
strahlen irradiate
strahlend brightly
strahlt radiates
strebend striving
strebt strives
strebte strived
strecken stretch
streckend racking
streckt stretches
streicheln stroke
streiten combat
streitend contending
streitet contends
streitig debatable
streng severe
stricken knit
strickend knitting
strickt knits
strittig debatably
stromabwaerts downstream
stromaufwaerts upstream
strukturiert structured
struppig bristly
stueckweise piecemeal
stuendlich hourly
stuermisch stormy
stuerzen overturn
stuerzend overturning
stuerzt overturns
stufenweise gradual
stumm dumb
stumpf blunt
stumpfsinnig obtuse
stur obstinate
sturzflutartig torrential
suchen hunt
suchend searching
sucht searches
suedlich southerly
suendenfrei sinless
suendhaft sinful
suendigend sinning
suess sweet
suesslich sweetish
summen buzz
summend humming
summierend summing
summt hums
summte hummed
sumpfig marshily
supermodern ultramodern
tabelliert tabulated
tadellos blameless
tadeln animadvert
tadelnd animadverting
tadelt animadverts
taeglich daily
taegliche daily
taetig active
taeuschen beguile
taeuschend beguiling
taeuscht beguiles
taktlos indelicate
taktvoll tactful
tanken refuel
tankend refueling
tankt refuels
tanzen dance
tanzend dancing
tanzt dances
tanzte danced
tapfer brave
tarannisch tyrannically
tasten fumble
tastenbezogen hotkeyed
tastend fumbling
tastet fumbles
tastete fumbled
tat did
tatsaechlich defacto
taub deaf
tauchen dive
tauchend dipping
taucht dips
tauen dew
tauend dewing
taufen baptize
taufend baptizing
tauft baptizes
taumelig groggily
tauschen barter
tauschend bartering
tauscht barters
tausend thousand
tausende thousands
taut dews
technisch technical
technisiert engineered
technologisch technological
teerend tarring
teert tars
teilbar divisible
teilen apportion
teilend apportioning
teilgehabt partaken
teilgenommen participated
teilhaben participate
teilhabend participating
teilnahmslos impassive
teilnehmen partake
teils partly
teilt apportions
teilweise partial
telefonierend telephoning
telefonierte telephoned
telegrafisch telegrafic
testend testing
testet tests
teuer expensive
teuflisch devilish
theoretisch theoretic
ticken tick
tickend ticking
tickt ticks
tief deep
tiefer deeper
tiefgreifend profound
tiefste deepest
tierisch animally
tippelnd tripping
tituliert titled
tobend riotous
toedlich deathlily
toenend sounding
toericht foolish
toll madcap
tollkuehn foolhardy
tollwuetig rabid
torkeln lurch
torkelnd lurching
torkelt lurches
tot dead
traditionell traditional
traege idle
traegt bears
traellern troll
traellernd trolling
traellert trolls
traenenreich tearful
traenken imbue
traenkend tincturing
traenkt imbues
traeumen dream
traf met
tragbar portable
tragen bear
tragend bearing
tragisch tragic
trainiert trained
trampend tramping
trampt tramps
trank drank
transistorisiert semi-conductors
transportieren transport
transportierend transporting
transportiert transports
transportierte transported
tratschen tattle
tratschend tattling
tratscht tattles
trauern mourn
trauernd mourning
trauert mourns
traurig funereal
traut trusts
treffen hit
treiben impel
treibend drifting
treibt drifts
trennbar separable
trennen seperate
trennend disconnecting
trennende separating
trennt disconnects
treppabwaerts downstairs
treu faithful
treulos disloyal
tricksend tricking
trifft hits
trigonometrisch trigonometric
trillern quaver
trillernd quavering
trillert quavers
trinkbar drinkable
trinken drink
triumphierend triumphant
triumphiert triumphs
triumphierte triumphed
trocken dry
trocknend drying
trocknet dries
troedeln dally
troedelnd dallying
troedelt dallies
troepfeln dribble
troepfelnd dribbling
troepfelt dribbles
troepfelte dribbled
troesten solace
troestend solacing
troestet solaces
trommelnd drumming
trommelt drums
tropfen seep
tropfend seeping
tropft seeps
tropisch tropical
trostlos comfortless
trottelig gawkly
trotten jog
trottend jogging
trottet jogs
trueb turbidly
truebe blear
trueben tarnish
truebend tarnishing
truebsinnig doleful
truebt tarnishs
truegerisch elusorily
trug wore
tuechtig strenuous
tuencht whitewashes
tuend doing
tuerkies turquoise
tuerkisch turkish
tugendhaft virtuously
tun do
tut does
typisch typical
typische typical
tyrannisch tyrannic
tyrannisieren tyrannize
tyrannisierend tyrannizing
tyrannisiert tyrannizes
tyrannisierte tyrannized
uberdachte mulled
uebel evil
uebelnehmend resenting
uebelriechend malodoruos
ueben practise
uebend exercising
ueber about
ueberall everywhere
ueberanstrengen overstrain
ueberanstrengend overstraining
ueberanstrengt overstrained
ueberarbeitend revising
ueberarbeitet overwrought
ueberbewerten overvalue
ueberbewertend overvaluing
ueberbewertet overvalued
ueberbieten outbid
ueberbietend outbidding
ueberbietet outbids
ueberbot outbade
ueberboten outbidded
ueberdaueren outlast
ueberdauernd outlasting
ueberdauert outlasts
ueberdauerte outlasted
ueberdeckend overlaid
ueberdenkend mulling
ueberdenkt mulls
ueberdies moreover
ueberdrucken overprint
uebereifrig officious
uebereingestimmt accorded
uebereinstimmen coincide
uebereinstimmend accordant
ueberfaellt raids
ueberfallen raided
ueberfallend raiding
ueberfliegend browsing
ueberfluessig superfluous
ueberfluten flood
ueberflutet floods
ueberfuellen glut
ueberfuellend glutting
ueberfuellt gluts
ueberfuellte glutted
uebergeben committed
uebergebend consigning
uebergehend ignoring
uebergelaufen overflowed
uebergluecklich overjoied
uebergreifen overlap
ueberhaengen overhang
ueberheblich arrogant
ueberhitzen overheat
ueberhoeht inflated
ueberholen outdistance
ueberholend outdistancing
ueberholt outdistances
ueberholte outdistanced
ueberladen overcharge
ueberladend overcharging
ueberladene overloaded
ueberlaedt overcharges
ueberlaesst cedes
ueberlagernd overlaying
ueberlagert overlayed
ueberlappen interleave
ueberlappende overlapping
ueberlassen cede
ueberlassend ceding
ueberlasten overload
ueberleben outlive
ueberlebend outliving
ueberlebt outlives
ueberlebte outlived
ueberlegen deliberate
ueberlegend cogitating
ueberlegt deliberates
ueberlegte cogitated
ueberlisten outwit
ueberlistend outwitting
ueberlistet outwits
ueberlistete outwitted
uebermaessig effusive
uebermitteln convey
uebermittelnd transceiving
uebermittelt transmitted
uebermuetig rollicking
uebernahm undertook
uebernatuerlich supernatural
uebernehmen undertake
uebernehmend undertaking
uebernommen undertaken
ueberpruefen revise
ueberraschen overtake
ueberraschend surprising
ueberrascht overtakes
ueberraschte overtook
ueberreden persuade
ueberredend persuading
ueberredet persuades
ueberredete persuaded
ueberrundet surrounds
ueberschaetzen overrate
ueberschaetzend overrating
ueberschaetzt overrates
ueberschaetzte overrated
ueberschatten overshadow
ueberschattend overshadowing
ueberschattet overshadows
ueberschattete overshadowed
ueberschreibt overwrites
ueberschreiten exceed
ueberschreitend exceeding
ueberschreitet exceeds
ueberschrieben captioned
ueberschritten exceeded
ueberschuessig excessive
ueberschwemmen deluge
ueberschwemmend deluging
ueberschwemmt deluges
ueberschwemmte deluged
uebersehend overlooking
uebersehene overlooked
uebersetzen compile
uebersetzend translating
uebersetzt translated
uebersieht overlooks
ueberspannt extravagant
ueberstanden overcame
ueberstehend overcoming
uebersteht overcomes
uebersteigen surmount
uebersteigend surmounting
uebersteigt surmounts
ueberstiegen surmounted
ueberstimmen overrule
ueberstimmend overruling
ueberstimmte overruled
ueberstrahlen outshine
ueberstrahlend outshining
ueberstrahlt outshines
ueberstrahlte outshined
uebertraegt transfers
uebertraf outdid
uebertragbar assignable
uebertragbare transferable
uebertragen carry
uebertragend transfering
uebertreffen excel
uebertreffend excelling
uebertreiben exaggerate
uebertreibend exaggerating
uebertreibt exaggerates
uebertreten transgress
uebertretend transgressing
uebertrieben exaggerated
uebertriebene overacted
uebertrifft excels
uebertritt transgresses
uebertroffen excelled
uebervoelkert overpeopled
uebervorteilen outsmart
uebervorteilend outsmarting
uebervorteilt outsmarted
ueberwachen watch
ueberwaeltigen overmaster
ueberwaeltigend overmastering
ueberwaeltigt overmasters
ueberwaeltigte overmastered
ueberwiegen outweigh
ueberwiegend outweighing
ueberwiegt outweighs
ueberwog outweighed
ueberwuchern overgrow
ueberwuchernd overgrowing
ueberwuchert overgrows
ueberwucherte overgrowed
ueberzaehlig supernumerary
ueberzahlen overpay
ueberzahlend overpaying
ueberzahlte overpayed
ueberzeugen convince
ueberzeugend convincing
ueberzeugt convinces
ueberzeugte convinced
ueberzogen coated
ueblich convenient
ueblicherweise usually
uebrigbleibend residual
ueppig luscious
ultraviolett ultraviolet
um...willen sake
umarmen embrace
umarmend embracing
umarmt embraces
umarmte embraced
umbenannt renamed
umbenennen rename
umbilden remodel
umbrechend wrapping
umdefinieren redefine
umfangreich voluminously
umfangreiche voluminous
umfassen comprise
umfassend enfolding
umfassende comprehensive
umfasst enfolds
umfasste enfolded
umgangen circumvented
umgangene bypassed
umgeben encompass
umgebend surrounding
umgebungsmaessig environmental
umgehen bypass
umgehend bypassing
umgeht bypasses
umgekehrt conversely
umgekommen perished
umgestalten metamorphose
umgestaltend metamorphosing
umgestaltet metamorphosed
umgestellt reconverted
umgewandelt transformed
umgibt encompasses
umhergestreift rambled
umherstreifend ramble
umhertollend wantoning
umhuellen muffle
umhuellend muffling
umhuellt muffled
umkehrbar reversible
umkehren invert
umkehrend reversing
umkleiden coat
umkommen perish
umkommend perishing
umlaufend rotary
umleiten deflect
umliegend circumjacent
umnumeriert renumbered
umnummerieren renumber
umrahmend framing
umrahmt framed
umrandend bordering
umrechnen randomize
umschliessen enclose
umschliesst embeds
umschreiben circumscribe
umschreibend circumscribing
umschreibt circumscribes
umschrieben circumscribed
umseitig overleaf
umsetzen transcribe
umsortieren resort
umstaendlich circumstantial
umstellen reconvert
umstellend reconverting
umstrukturiert restructured
umwaelzen recycle
umwandeln transform
umwandelnd transforming
umwerfen upset
umwerfend upsetting
unabhaengig independant
unablaessig unremittingly
unabsichtlich unintentional
unachtsam heedless
unaehnlich dissimilar
unaktiviert uninitiated
unangebracht inappropriate
unangefochten unchallenged
unangemessen inadequately
unangenehm objectionable
unangetastet unsolicited
unannehmbar unacceptable
unanstaendig indecent
unartig naughty
unartiger naughtier
unartigste naughtiest
unaufhoerlich ceaselessly
unaufhoerliche ceaseless
unaufmerksam inattentive
unaufrichtig insincere
unausgeglichen unbalanced
unaussprechlich ineffably
unaussprechnich ineffable
unbaendig ungovernable
unbarmherzig merciless
unbeabsichtigt undesignedly
unbeachtet uncared
unbeansprucht unclaimed
unbeantwortet unanswered
unbedacht unmindfully
unbedenklich unhesitating
unbedeutend inconsiderable
unbedingt absolute
unbeendet undetermined
unbefangen ingenuous
unbefleckt unpolluted
unbefriedigend unsatisfactory
unbefriedigt unsatisfied
unbefugt unauthorized
unbegrenzt unbounded
unbeholfen ungainly
unbekannt innominate
unbekuemmert reckless
unbelaestigt unmolested
unbelehrbar unteachable
unbemerkt unnoticed
unbenannt unlabeled
unbenutzt unneeded
unbeobachtet unobserved
unberaten unadvised
unberechenbar incalculable
unberechtigt unwarranted
unberuehrt unaffected
unbeschaedigt intact
unbeschaeftigt unemployed
unbescheiden immodest
unbeschraenkt illimitable
unbeschreiblich indescribable
unbesetzt unallocated
unbesiegt unconquered
unbesonnen indiscreet
unbestaendig impermanent
unbestaetigt unconfirmed
unbestimmbar nondescript
unbestimmt indecisive
unbestreitbar indisputable
unbestritten unchallengedly
unbetitelt untitled
unbetont unstressed
unbetreten untrod
unbewacht unguarded
unbeweglich immobile
unbewegt unmoved
unbewohnbar uninhabitable
unbewohnt uninhabitated
unbewusst unconscious
unbezaehmbar irrepressible
unbezahlbar priceless
unbezahlt unpaid
unbiegsam inflexibly
unbillig inequitable
unbrauchbar unusable
und and
undankbar thankless
undenkbar unthinkable
undeutlich inarticulate
undiszipliniert undisciplined
undokumentiert undocumented
undurchdringbar impenetrably
undurchdringlich impermeable
undurchfuehrbar impractibable
undurchsichtig opaque
unecht phonily
unedel ignoble
unehrlich dishonest
uneingeloest unredeemed
uneingeschraenkt unreserved
unempfindlich impassible
unendlich indefinitely
unentbehrlich indispensably
unentdeckt undetected
unentgeltlich gratuitous
unentrinnbar inescapable
unentschieden undecided
unentschlossen irresolute
unentschuldbar inexcusable
unentwegt undeviating
unentwirrbar inextricable
unerbittlich adamant
unerfahren inerxpertly
unergruendlich unfathomable
unerkennbar irrecognizable
unerklaerlich inexplicable
unerklaert undeclared
unerlaubt illicit
unermesslich immeasurable
unermuedlich indefatigable
unerreichbar unobtainable
unerreicht unmatched
unersaettlich insatiable
unersaetzlich irreplaceable
unerschoepflich inexhaustible
unerschrocken intrepid
unerschuetterlich imperturbable
unersetzlich irrecoverably
unertraeglich insufferable
unertraeglicher unbearablier
unertraeglichste unbearabliest
unerwaehnbar unmentionable
unerwaehnt unspoken
unerwarted unexpectedly
unerwartet unsuspected
unerwartete unattended
unerwidert unrequited
unerwiesen unproved
unerwuenscht undesirable
unerzogen uneducated
unfaehig impotent
unfair unfair
unfassbar inconceivable
unfehlbar infallible
unfertig unreadily
unformatiert unformatted
unfreiwillig involuntarily
unfreundlich unfriendly
unfruchbar infertile
ungangbar impassably
ungeaendert unaltered
ungeahnt undreamt
ungebaerdig unrulily
ungebeten unasked
ungebildet illiterate
ungeboren unborn
ungebraeuchlich unusual
ungebrochen unbroken
ungebuehrlich undue
ungebunden unattached
ungeduldig impatient
ungeehrt unhonored
ungeeignet improperly
ungefaehr about
ungefragt unaskedly
ungeheuer egregious
ungehindert unchecked
ungehoerig unseemlily
ungehorsam disobedient
ungekennzeichnet unsigned
ungekocht uncooked
ungekuerzt unabridged
ungeladen unloaded
ungelegen unseasonable
ungelernt unskilled
ungeloescht unerased
ungeloest unsolved
ungemuetlich uncomfortable
ungenannt unnamed
ungenau improper
ungenuegend insufficient
ungepackt unpacked
ungepflegt unkempt
ungerade odd
ungerecht unjust
ungereift unseasonabled
ungerufen uncalled
ungesagt unsaid
ungeschickt awkward
ungeschlagen unbeaten
ungeschminkt unvarnished
ungeschuetzt unprotect
ungeschult unschooled
ungesellig unsociable
ungesetzlich illegally
ungestoert undisturbed
ungesund unhealthily
ungeuebt unpractised
ungewaehlte unselected
ungewoehnlich inconvenient
ungewohnt unaccustomed
ungezaehlte uncounted
ungezwungen unceremonious
unglaeubig faithless
unglaublich elusive
unglaublicher unbelievablier
ungleich unequal
ungleichmaessig uneven
ungluecklich unhappily
unglueckliche accidental
ungluecklicherweise accidentally
ungueltig invalid
unguenstig unfavorable
unhaltbar indefensible
unhandlich bulky
unheilbar incurable
unheilvoll disasterous
unheimlich uncannily
unhoeflich discourteous
unhoerbar inaudible
unhygienisch unsanitarily
unidentifiziert unidentified
unindiziert unindexed
uninteressant uninteresting
universal universal
unklar indistinct
unkleidsam unbecoming
unklug imprudent
unkomprimiert uncompressed
unkontrollierbar uncontrollable
unkontrolliert uncontrolled
unkonventionell unconventional
unkopierbar uncopyable
unkorrigierbar uncorrectable
unkultiviert uncultivated
unlesbar illegible
unleserlich illegibly
unloesbar unsolvable
unloeslich insoluble
unlogisch illogical
unmaessig incontinent
unmarkierbar unremarkably
unmarkiert untagged
unmelodisch tuneless
unmenschlich inhuman
unmerklich imperceptible
unmissverstaendlich unmistakable
unmittelbar direct
unmoebliert unfurnished
unmoeglich impossible
unmontiert unmounted
unmoralisch immoral
unnachahmlich inimitable
unnachgiebig unaccomodating
unnahbar inapproachable
unnatuerlich unnatural
unnoetig needlessly
unnormal abnormal
unnuetz unprofitable
unordentlich messy
unparteiisch impartial
unpassend incongruous
unpassierbar impassable
unpersoenlich impersonal
unpopulaer unpopuarly
unpraktisch impractical
unqualifiziert unpolished
unrasiert unshaven
unrealistisch unrealistic
unrechtmaessig unlawfully
unredlich unrighteous
unregistriert unregistered
unreif immature
unrein impure
unruhig uneasily
unruhiger uneasier
unruhigste uneasiest
unsagbar unspeakable
unsanft ungentle
unschaedlich innoxious
unschaetzbar inestimable
unschoen unhandsome
unschuldig innocent
unser our
unsere ours
unsicher insecure
unsichtbar invisible
unsinnig nonsensical
unsozial unsocial
unspezifiziert unspecified
unstabil unstable
unsterblich deathless
unstet choppy
unstetig unsteadily
untaetig inactively
unten bellow
unter under
unterbesetzt understaffed
unterbewertend understating
unterbieten underbid
unterbietend underbidding
unterbietet underbids
unterbindend prohibitive
unterboten undercutted
unterbrechbar interruptible
unterbrechen break
unterbrechend breaking
unterbricht breaks
unterbrochen discontinued
unterdruecken oppress
unterdrueckend oppressing
unterdrueckt oppresses
unterdrueckte oppressed
untere inferior
unterernaehrt underfed
untergeordnet secondarily
untergraben undermine
untergrabend undermining
untergraebt undermines
unterhaelt entertains
unterhalb underneath
unterhalten entertain
unterhaltend entertaining
unterlaesst omits
unterlassend omitting
unterlegen highlite
untermauern underpin
untermauernd underpinning
untermauert underpins
untermauerte underpinned
unternehmungslustig enterprising
unternimmt undertakes
unterordnend subordinating
unterrichtet instructs
untersagen forbid
unterschaetzen underestimate
unterschaetzend underrating
unterschaetzt underestimated
unterschaetzte underrated
unterscheiden discern
unterscheidend differing
unterscheidet discerns
unterschied discerned
unterschiedlich differently
unterschlaegt embezzles
unterschlagen embezzle
unterschlagend embezzling
unterschreiben undersign
unterschreibend undersigning
unterschreibt undersingns
unterschrieb underwrote
unterschrieben underwritten
unterst lowest
unterste lowest
unterstellt supposed
unterstes undermost
unterstreichen underline
unterstreichend underlining
unterstreicht underlines
unterstrichen underlined
unterstuetzen provide
unterstuetzend providing
unterstuetzt assists
untersuchen explore
untersuchend researching
untersucht probed
untertunnelnd tunnelling
untertunnelt tunnelled
untervermieten sublease
untervermietend subleasing
untervermietet sublet
unterwuerfig obsequious
unterzeichnen subscribe
unterzeichnend subscribing
unterzeichnet subscribes
unterzeichnete subscribed
untgerstuetzt supported
untrennbar inseparable
untreu unfaithful
untroestlich brokenhearted
unuebersetzt untranslated
unuebertroffen unsurpassed
unueberwindlich impregnable
unueblich unusual
unumschraenkt sovereignly
ununterbrochen incessant
ununterrichtet uninformed
ununterstuetzt unaided
unveraenderbar immovable
unveraenderlich changeless
unveraendert unmodified
unverantwortlich irresponsible
unverbesserlich incorrigible
unverbraucht unspent
unverbunden unconnected
unverdaulich indigestible
unverdient undeserved
unverdientermassen undeservedly
unvereinbar inconsistent
unverfroren unabashed
unvergaenglich imperishable
unvergessen unforgotten
unvergesslich unforgettable
unvergleichlich incomparably
unverheiratet unmarried
unverhofft unexpected
unverkaeuflich inalienable
unverkleidet undisguised
unverleichbar incomparable
unverletzlich inviolable
unverletzt unhurt
unvermeidlich inevitable
unvermindert unabated
unvernuenftig irrational
unverschaemt barefaced
unverschlossen unlocked
unverschluesselt unencrypted
unversehens unawares
unversehrt intactly
unversoehnlich unforgiving
unverstaendlich unintelligible
unversucht untried
unvertraeglich incompatible
unvertraut unfamiliarly
unverwundbar invulnerably
unverzagt unshrinking
unvollkommen imperfectly
unvollstaendig imperfect
unvorbereitet unprepared
unvoreingenommen unprejudiced
unvorhergesehen unforeseen
unvorhersagbar unpredictable
unvorschriftsmaessig incorrectly
unvorsichtig incautious
unvorstellbar unimaginable
unwahr untrue
unwahrscheinlich implausible
unwesentlich inessential
unwichtig unimportant
unwiderlegbar irrefutable
unwiderleglich unanswerable
unwiderruflich irrevocable
unwiderstehlich irresistible
unwiederbringlich unrecoverable
unwillkommen unwelcome
unwirksam ineffective
unwirtlich inhospitable
unwissend ignorant
unwissentlich unwitting
unwuerdig undeserving
unzaehlbar uncountable
unzaehlig innumerably
unzaehlige innumerable
unzaehmbar indomitable
unzensiert unstrained
unzerbrechlich unbreakable
unzerstoerbar indestructible
unzivilisiert uncivilized
unzuechtig bawdily
unzufrieden discontented
unzugaenglich impenetrable
unzulaenglich inadequate
unzulaessig illegal
unzusammenhaengend incoherent
unzustaendig incompetent
unzuverlaessig unreliable
unzweideutig unambiguous
urinieren urinate
urinierend urinating
uriniert urinates
urinierte urinated
ursaechlich causal
urspruenglich orginally
usw. etc
utopisch utopian
vaeterlich fatherly
variieren vary
vaterlos fatherless
vederbend tainting
vegativ negatively
vegetativ vegetative
vegetieren vegetate
vegetierend vegetating
vegetiert vegetates
vegetierte vegetated
ventilieren ventilate
ventilierend ventilating
ventiliert ventilates
ventilierte ventilated
verabscheuen abhor
verabscheuend abhoring
verabscheut abhores
verabscheute abhored
verachten despise
verachtend despising
verachtenswert contemptible
verachtet despises
verachtete despised
veraechtlich abjectly
veraenderlich changeably
veraenderlicher mutablier
veraenderlichste mutabliest
veraendernd varying
veraendert varies
verallgemeinern generalize
verallgemeinernd generalizing
verallgemeinert generalized
veraltet antiquated
veranlagungsgemaess temperamental
veranlassen induce
veranlassend inducing
veranlasst induces
veranlasste induced
veranschaulichen illustrate
verantwortlich accountable
verarbeiten handle
verarbeitend processing
verarmt impoverished
verarztend vetting
verarztete vetted
verbannen banish
verbannt banished
verbat forbade
verbergen conceal
verbergend concealing
verbessern improve
verbessernd improving
verbessert improved
verbesserte rectified
verbesserungsfaehig improvable
verbeulend denting
verbeult dented
verbiegen bend
verbieten interdict
verbietend interdicting
verbietet forbids
verbilligen cheapen
verbilligend cheapening
verbilligt cheapens
verbilligte cheapened
verbinden concatenate
verbindend linking
verbindet chains
verbindlich obligatory
verbirgt conceals
verbissen dogged
verbittern embitter
verbitternd embittering
verbittert embittered
verblasst fades
verblasste faded
verbleibt remains
verblueffen astound
verblueffend astounding
verbluefft astounds
verblueffte astounded
verborgen concealed
verboten forbidden
verbrannt burnt
verbrannte scorched
verbrauchen consume
verbrauchend consuming
verbraucht consumed
verbreiten diffuse
verbreitend diffusing
verbreitet diffuses
verbreitete diffused
verbrennen scorch
verbrennend scorching
verbrennt scorchs
verbringen spend
verbruehen scald
verbruehend scalding
verbrueht scalds
verbruehte scalded
verbuenden confederate
verbuendend federalizing
verbuendet allied
verbuergen vouch
verbuergte vouched
verbunden aligned
verdampfen vaporize
verdampfend vaporizing
verdampft vaporizes
verdampfte vaporized
verdankend owing
verdauend digesting
verdaut digests
verdaute digested
verderben debauch
verderbend corrupting
verderblich baleful
verdichten concondense
verdichtend solidifying
verdichtet condensed
verdichtete solidified
verdicken thicken
verdickend thickening
verdickt fattens
verdickte thickened
verdienend deserving
verdienstvoll meritorious
verdient deserves
verdiente merited
verdirbt corrupts
verdoppeln redouble
verdoppelnd redoubling
verdoppelt doubled
verdoppelte redoubled
verdorben corrupt
verdraengen oust
verdraengend ousting
verdraengt ousts
verdraengte ousted
verdrahtend wiring
verdrahtet wired
verdrehen contort
verdrehend contorting
verdreht contorts
verdrehte contorted
verdreifachte trebled
verdreschen thresh
verdriesslich peevish
verdroschen threshed
verdrucken misprint
verdruckend misprinting
verdruckt misprints
verdruckte misprinted
verduennen dilute
verduennend diluting
verduennt dilutes
verduennte diluted
verdunkelnd dimming
verdunkelt darkened
verdunkelte dimmed
verdunsten evaporate
verdunstend evaporating
verdunstet evaporated
verehrend adoring
verehrungswuerdig adorably
vereinbarend stipulating
vereinbart stipulated
vereinend unifying
vereinfachen simplify
vereinfacht simplified
vereinheitlichen unify
vereinheitlicht unified
vereinigen ally
vereinigend allying
vereinigt united
vereinigte coalesced
vereint unifies
vereisend icing
vereist iced
verewigend perpetuate
verewigt perpetuates
verewigte perpetuated
verfaelschen sophisticate
verfaelschend sophisticating
verfaelscht sophisticates
verfallen decay
verfallend decaying
verfassungswidrig unconstitional
verfaulen fester
verfaulend festering
verfault festers
verfaulte festered
verfeinern refine
verfeinernd refining
verfeinert refined
verfliessen lapse
verfliessend elapsing
verfliesst elapses
verflossen elapsed
verflucht cursed
verfolgen haunt
verfolgend trailing
verfolgt haunts
verfolgte chased
verfuegbar available
verfuegen enact
verfuegend enacting
verfuegt enacts
verfuehren ensnare
verfuehrend ensnaring
verfuehrerisch seductive
verfuehrt ensnared
verfuehrte seduced
vergangen bygone
vergass forgot
vergebend forgiving
vergeblich unavailing
vergelten requite
vergeltend requiting
vergeltet requites
vergessen forget
vergessend forgetting
vergesslich forgetful
vergiessen shed
vergiessend shedding
vergiesst sheds
vergilbt yellowed
vergisst forgets
vergleichbar commensurable
vergleichen collate
vergleichend comparative
vergleichsweise comparatively
vergleicht compares
verglichen compared
vergoettern deify
vergoetternd deifying
vergoettert deifies
vergoetterte deified
vergolden gild
vergoldend gilding
vergoldete gilt
vergolten requited
vergossen shedded
vergrabend burying
vergraebt burys
vergroessern enlarge
vergroessernd augmenting
vergroessert augmented
verhaetscheln coddle
verhaetschelnd coddling
verhaetschelt coddled
verhaetschelte cuddled
verhaftend arresting
verhaftet arrested
verhandeln negotiate
verhandelnd negotiating
verhandelt negotiates
verhandelte negotiated
verhasst hateful
verhauen spank
verhauend spanking
verhaut spanks
verhaute spanked
verheerend wasteful
verherrlichen glorify
verherrlicht glorified
verhindern prevent
verhindernd inhibiting
verhindert disabled
verhinderte inhibited
verhuellend cloaking
verhuellt mantled
verhuetet prevents
verhuetete prevented
verhutzelt weazen
verifiziert verified
verjuengen rejuvenate
verjuengend rejuvenating
verjuengt rejuvenates
verjuengte rejuvenated
verkaeuflich alienable
verkalken calcify
verkalkend calcifying
verkalkt calcifies
verkalkte calcified
verkaufen sell
verkaufend selling
verkauft sells
verkaufte selled
verkehrt amiss
verketten catenate
verkettet concatenated
verklagen sue
verklagt sues
verklagte sued
verklebend agglutinating
verklebt agglutinates
verklebte agglutinated
verkleidend disguising
verkleidet disguised
verkleinernd belittling
verkleinert belittles
verkleinerte belittled
verknoechern ossify
verknoechernd ossifying
verknoechert ossified
verknuepfen combine
verknuepft linked
verkoerpern embody
verkoerpernd embodying
verkoerpert embodied
verkoerperte impersonated
verkohlend charing
verkohlte chared
verkommen reprobate
verkommend reprobating
verkommt reprobates
verkuenden enunciate
verkuendend enunciating
verkuendet enunciates
verkuendete promulgated
verkuerzt shortens
verlaengern elongate
verlaengernd elongating
verlaengert elongates
verlaesst derelicts
verlangen require
verlangend demanding
verlangsamen decelerate
verlangsamt slowed
verlangt requested
verlangte demanded
verlassen abandoned
verlassend escaping
verlegen mislay
verlegt mislaid
verleihen impart
verleihend imparting
verleiht imparts
verleiten inveigle
verleitend inveigling
verleitet inveigles
verleitete inveigled
verlernen unlearn
verlernend unlearning
verlernt unlearns
verlernte unlearned
verletzbar vulnerable
verletzen bless
verletzend blessing
verletzlich vulnerably
verletzt hurted
verletzte infringed
verleumden backbite
verleumdend backbiting
verleumderisch slanderous
verleumdet backbeted
verleumdete slandered
verliebt amorous
verlieren lose
verliert loses
verlogen mendacious
verloren forlorn
verlosen raffle
verlosend raffling
verlost raffles
vermachen bequeath
vermachend bequeathing
vermacht bequeathes
vermachte bequeathed
vermeiden beware
vermeidend avoiding
vermeidet avoids
vermied avoided
vermindern decrease
vermindernd decreasing
vermindert decreased
verminderte derogated
vermissen miss
vermisste missed
vermitteln conciliate
vermittelnd conciliating
vermittelt conciliates
vermittelte interceded
vermuten presume
vermutend conjecturing
vermutet conjectures
vermutete conjectured
vermutlich presumable
vernachlaessigen neglect
vernachlaessigend neglecting
vernachlaessigt neglects
vernachlaessigte neglected
verneinen negate
verneinend negating
verneint negates
verneinte negated
vernichten annihilate
vernichtend annihilating
vernichtet annihilates
vernichtete annihilated
vernuenftig rational
vernuenftiger reasonablier
vernuenftigste reasonabliest
veroeffentlichen publish
veroeffentlicht published
verordnen decree
verordnet decrees
verpackend packaging
verpackt packaged
verpfaendet mortgages
verpflanzen transplant
verpflanzend transplanting
verpflanzt transplants
verpflanzte transplanted
verpflegen victual
verpflegend victualing
verpflegt victuals
verpflegte victualed
verpflichten obligate
verpflichtend engaging
verpflichtet engaged
verpflichtete obliged
verpfuschen bungle
verpfuschend bungling
verpfuscht bungled
verraeterisch treacherous
verraten betray
verratend betraying
verrenken dislocate
verrenkend dislocating
verrenkt dislocates
verrenkte dislocated
verrichtet performes
verringern abate
verringernd abating
verringert abates
verringerte abated
verrueckt daisy
verrueckter wackier
verrueckteste wackiest
verrussen soot
verrussend sooting
verrusst soots
verrusste sooted
versagen fail
versagend flopping
versagt fails
versagte flopped
versammeln congregate
versammelnd congregating
versammelt congregates
versammelte congregated
versandfertig mailable
versandt shipped
verschachteln interlace
verschachtelt nested
verschaemt pudent
verschiebbar relocatable
verschieben displace
verschiebend displacing
verschiebt displaces
verschieden different
verschiedenartig heterogeneous
verschiedene deserve
verschlechtern worsen
verschlechternd worsening
verschlechtert worsens
verschlechterte worsened
verschleiern veil
verschleiernd veiling
verschleiert veils
verschleierte veiled
verschlingen devour
verschlingend devouring
verschlingt devours
verschlossen secretive
verschluesselt keyed
verschlungen devoured
verschneit snowily
verschoben deferred
verschoenern beautify
verschoenernd embellishing
verschoenert embellished
verschrottend scrapping
verschrottet scrapped
verschuetten spill
verschuettend slopping
verschuettet slopped
verschuldet indebted
verschwand disappeared
verschwenden squander
verschwendend dissipating
verschwenderisch thriftless
verschwendet dissipates
verschwendete dissipated
verschwiegen reticent
verschwinden disappear
verschwindend disappearing
verschwindet disappears
verschwunden vanished
versehentlich inadvertent
versetzend transposing
versetzt transposes
versetzte transposed
verseuchen contaminate
verseuchend contaminating
verseucht contaminates
verseuchte contaminated
versichern assure
versichernd assuring
versichert assured
versicherte insured
versiegeln seal
versinnbildlichen typifies
versinnbildlichend typifying
versinnbildlichte typified
versoehnen reconcile
versoehnend reconciling
versoehnlich conciliatorily
versoehnt reconciles
versoehnte reconciled
versorgt feeds
verspaetet belated
versperren obstruct
versperrend obstructing
versperrt obstructs
versperrte obstructed
verspotten deride
verspottend deriding
verspottet derided
verspottete gibed
versprechen promise
versprechend promising
verspricht promises
versprochen promised
verstaendig judicious
verstaendlich comprehensible
verstaendliche understandable
verstaerken intensify
verstaerkend boosting
verstaerkt boosted
verstaerkte reinforced
verstanden understood
verstaubt fusty
verstauchen sprain
verstaucht sprains
verstauchte sprained
verstecken hide
versteckt covert
versteckte hid
verstehen understand
versteht understands
versteinern petrify
versteinernd petrifying
versteinert petrifies
versteinerte petrified
verstellen misplace
verstellend misplacing
verstellt disguised
verstellte misplaced
verstockt obdurate
verstoert haggard
verstohlen furtive
verstorben defunct
verstreichen elapse
verstuemmeln garble
verstuemmelnd maiming
verstuemmelt maimes
verstuemmelte maimed
versuchen attempt
versuchend attempting
versuchsweise tentatively
versucht attempted
versuchte tempted
vertaerken reinforce
vertan mistaken
verteidigen advocating
verteidigend defending
verteidigt advocates
verteidigte advocated
verteilbar sharable
verteilen distribute
verteilt distributed
vertiefen deepen
vertiefend deepening
vertieft deepens
vertiefte deepened
vertragen tolerate
vertrauen confide
vertrauend confident
vertrauensvoll faithful
vertraulich confidential
vertraut confides
vertraute confided
vertreiben dislodge
vertreibend dislodging
vertreibt dislodges
vertretbar passably
vertrieb ejected
vertrieben dislodged
verueben perpetrate
veruebend perpetrating
veruebt perpetrates
veruebte perpetrated
verunglimpfen libel
verunglimpfend vilifying
verunglimpft libels
verunglimpfte vilified
verunkrautet weedily
verunstaltet misshapen
verursachen originate
verurteilen condemn
verurteilend condemning
verurteilt condemned
vervielfacht multiplies
vervollstaendigend completing
vervollstaendigt completed
verwalten administer
verwaltend administering
verwaltet administers
verwaltete administered
verwandt akin
verwandte cognates
verwechseln confound
verwechselnd confounding
verwechselt confounds
verwechselte confounded
verwegen venturesome
verweichlicht effeminate
verweigern deny
verweigert denies
verweigerte refused
verweilen linger
verweilend lingering
verweilt lingered
verwenden appropriate
verwendend appropriating
verwendet appropriates
verwendete appropriated
verwerfen quash
verwerfend quashing
verwickeln embroil
verwickelnd embroiling
verwickelt embroils
verwickelte involved
verwirft quashes
verwirklichen realize
verwirklichend realizing
verwirklicht realizes
verwirklichte realized
verwirren confuse
verwirrend baffling
verwirrt baffled
verwirrte deranged
verwoehnen regale
verwoehnend regaling
verwoehnt fastidious
verwoehnte regaled
verworfen castaway
verworren promiscuous
verwuenschen execrate
verwuenschend execrating
verwuenscht accursed
verwuesten desolate
verwuestend desolating
verwuestet desolates
verwuestete desolated
verwunden wound
verwundend wounding
verwundet wounds
verwundete wounded
verwunschen execrated
verzaerteln pamper
verzaertelnd pampering
verzaertelt pampers
verzaertelte pampered
verzagen despond
verzagend desponding
verzagt despondent
verzagte desponded
verzaubern bewitch
verzaubernd bewitching
verzaubert bewitched
verzeichnend scheduling
verzeichnet scheduled
verzeihen forgive
verzeihend pardonning
verzeihlich pardonable
verzeiht forgives
verzerren warp
verzerrend warping
verzerrt warps
verzerrte warped
verzichten waive
verzieh forgave
verziehen forgiven
verziert ornate
verzoegern defer
verzoegernd delaying
verzoegert delays
verzoegerte retarded
verzweifeln despair
verzweifelnd despairing
verzweifelt despairs
verzweifelte despaired
verzweigen ramify
verzweigend branching
verzweigt ramifies
verzweigte ramified
vewwirrt confused
vibrieren vibrate
vibrierend vibrating
vibriert vibrates
vibrierte vibrated
viel much
viele many
vielfaeltig manifold
vielfoermig multiform
vielleicht perhaps
vier four
vierfach quadruple
vierte fourth
vierteljaehrlich quarterly
viertens fourthly
vierzehn fourteen
vierzehnte fourteenth
vierzig forty
vierzigste fortieth
violett mauve
virtuell virtual
voellig entirely
volkstuemlich popular
voll brimful
vollendend accomplishing
vollendet accomplishes
vollendete consummated
vollfuellend brimming
vollstaendig absolutely
vollstaendige complain
vollste fullest
von by
voorstellen imagine
vor- pre
voranbringen promote
vorangestellte prefixed
vorangetrieben propelled
voranstellend prefixing
vorausbezahlt prepaid
vorausgehen precede
voraussichtlich previously
vorauszahlen prepay
vorbeigehend passing
vorbereiten prepair
vorbereitet prepared
vorbeugen obviate
vorbeugend obviating
vorbildlich exemplary
vordefiniert predefined
voreilig headily
voreiligst rashest
vorenthalten withhold
vorenthaltend withholding
vorgebeugt obviated
vorgefertigt precast
vorgeladen preloaded
vorgeschlagen proposed
vorgeschrieben prescribed
vorgesessen presided
vorgespiegelt duped
vorgestellt envisaged
vorgetaeuscht shammed
vorgetragen declaimed
vorgetragene declamed
vorgeworfen reproached
vorhanden availible
vorher ago
vorherbestimmen predestinate
vorherbestimmend predestinating
vorherbestimmt predetermined
vorherbestimmte predestinated
vorhergesagt predicted
vorherige previous
vorherrschen predominate
vorherrschend predominant
vorhersagen foretell
vorhersagend foretelling
vorkommend occurring
vorlaeufig interim
vorlaut pert
vornehm genteel
vorpackend prepacking
vorprogrammiert preprogrammed
vorraussichtlich estimated
vorruebergehend transient
vorsaetzlich purposely
vorschlagen propose
vorschlagend submitting
vorschneller rasher
vorschreiben prescribe
vorschreibend prescribing
vorschriftsmaessig regulately
vorsichtig careful
vorsitzen preside
vorsitzend presiding
vorsorglich preventative
vorspiegeln dupe
vorspiegelnd duping
vorstellen envisage
vorstellend envisaging
vortaeuschen pretend
vortaeuschend pretending
vorteilhaft advantageous
vortragen declaim
vortragend declaiming
voruebergehend temporary
vorwaerts forward
vorweggenommene anticipated
vorwegnehmen anticipate
vorwegnehmend anticipating
vorwerfend reproaching
vorzeitig abortive
vorziehen prefer
vorziehend prefering
vorzugsweise preferably
wach awake
wachen wake
wachend waking
wachsam alert
wachsen grow
wachsend adolescent
wachst waxes
wacht wakes
wachte woke
wackeln totter
wackelnd tottering
wackelt totters
wacklig ramshackle
waechst grows
waehlbare selectable
waehlen choose
waehlend selecting
waehlerisch finical
waehlt selects
waehrend during
waescht washes
waesserig aqueous
wagen dare
wagend daring
wagt dares
wahllos indiscriminate
wahlweise electively
wahnsinnig delirious
wahr true
wahrgenommen descried
wahrhaft truthful
wahrlich forsooth
wahrnehmbar noticeably
wahrnehmen descry
wahrnehmend descrying
wahrscheinlich likely
wahrscheinliche probable
waldig woodily
wandelbar convertible
wandern flit
wandernd erratic
wandert flits
wanken stagger
wankend staggering
wankt staggers
war was
waren were
warf threw
warm warm
warnen warn
warnt warns
warten wait
wartet waits
warum why
was what
waschbar washable
waschen wash
waschend washing
wasimmer whatever
wasserdicht waterproof
watscheln shamble
watschelnd shambling
watschelt shambles
wattieren quilt
wattierend quilting
wattiert quilts
wattierte quilted
weben weave
webend weaving
webt weaves
wechseln alternate
wechselseitig reciprocal
wechselt alternates
wecken rouse
weckend rousing
weckt rouses
weder neither
weder...noch neither...nor
weg away
weggesteckt popped
wehen waft
wehend wafting
wehrlos defenceless
weht wafts
weiblich female
weich smoothly
weiche smooth
weil because
weinen weep
weinend weeping
weint weeps
weinte wept
weise wisely
weiss knows
weissagen augur
weissend whitewashing
weisslich whitish
weit ample
weiter farther
weitergegeben imparted
weiterhin furthermore
weitest furthest
weiteste farthest
weitgehend widely
weitlaeufig rambling
weitschweifig circuitous
weitverbreitet widespread
welcher which
welken wilt
welkend wilting
welkt wilts
wellig wavily
weltlich mundane
weltweit worldwide
wen whom
wendig versatilely
wendige versatile
wenig few
weniger fewer
wenn if
wennimmer whenever
wer who
werden become
werdend getting
werfen cast
werfend flinging
werickelt embroiled
wert worth
wertlos trashily
wertvoll valuable
wesentlich esentially
wesentliche substantial
weshalb wherefore
wessen whose
westlich occidental
westwaerts westward
wetteifern vie
wetteifernd competitively
wetteifert vies
wettend betting
wettern fulminate
wetternd fulminating
wettert fulminates
wettet wagers
wetzen whet
wetzend whetting
wetzt whets
wichtig important
wichtigste prime
widerlegen confute
widerlegend confuting
widerlegt confutes
widerlegte confuted
widerlich abhorrently
widerrufen revoke
widerrufend revoking
widerruft revokes
widerspenstig contumacious
widersprechen contradict
widersprechend contradicting
widerspricht contradicts
widersprochen contradicted
widerspruechlich contradictory
widerstand resisted
widerstandsfaehig resistant
widerstandslos unresisting
widerstehen resist
widerstehend resisting
widersteht resists
widerstrebend reluctantly
widerstrebt averses
widerwaertig distasteful
widerwillig reluctant
widmen devote
widmend dedicating
widmet dedicates
wie as
wieder again
wiederaufbauend reconstructing
wiederaufgefrischt refreshed
wiederaufnehmen resume
wiederaufnehmend resuming
wiederbeleben resusciate
wiederbelebend resusciating
wiederbelebt resusciates
wiederbelebte resusciated
wiederbenutzen reuse
wiedereingesetzt reinstated
wiedereinsetzend reinstating
wiedereintreten reenter
wiedereintretend reentering
wiedererbaut rebuilt
wiedererkannt recognized
wiedererkennbar recognizable
wiedererzeugt reproduced
wiedergebend rendering
wiedergefunden recovered
wiedergerufen recalled
wiedergeschaffen recreated
wiedergewinnen regain
wiedergewinnend reclaiming
wiedergewonnen reclaimed
wiederherstellen reconstitute
wiederherstellend reconstituting
wiederholbar repeatable
wiederholen iterate
wiederholend iterating
wiederholt repeatedly
wiederholte reiterated
wiederkehren recur
wiederwaehlen redial
wiegen dandle
wiegend dandling
wiegt dandles
wiehern neigh
wiehernd whinnying
wiehert neighs
wieherte neighed
wild ferocious
willkommen welcome
willkuerlich arbitrarily
wimmeln teem
wimmelnd swarming
wimmelt teems
wimmern whimper
wimmernd whimpering
wimmert whimpers
wind wind
winden wreathe
windend twining
winderlich wintrily
windet twines
windig breezy
winklig angular
winterlich wintry
winzig minikin
wippen seesaw
wippend seesawing
wippt seesaws
wirbeln swirl
wirbelnd swirling
wirbelt swirls
wird becomes
wirft flings
wirklich really
wirkungslos inefficiently
wirkungsvoll efficient
wirr mazily
wirtschaftlich economic
wischen whisk
wischend mopping
wischt mops
wissenschaftlich scientific
witternd scenting
wittert scents
witzig facetious
wo where
wo? where
wobei whereat
wodurch whereby
woechentlich weekly
woechentliche weekly
woelbend arching
woelbt arches
woelfisch wolfish
woertlich verbal
wog weighed
wogen surge
wogend billowy
wogt surges
wogte undulated
woher whence
wohingegen whereas
wohlbehalten healthy
wohlgeformt shapelily
wohlhabend wealthy
wohltaetig charitable
wohltuend beneficially
wohlueberlegt deliberately
wohlwollend benevolent
wohnen dwell
wohnend housing
wohnt dwells
woimmer whereever
wolkig cloudily
wollen ll
wollend intending
wollig fleecily
wolluestig lecherous
woraufhin whereupon
worin wherein
wortreich verbose
wringen wring
wringend mangling
wringt mangles
wuchernd rampantly
wuchs grew
wuenschen desire
wuenschend desiring
wuenschenswert desirable
wuenschenswerterweise desirability
wuenscht desires
wuerde would
wuerdelos undignified
wuerdevoll dignified
wuerdig worthily
wuerfelfoermig cubical
wuerfeln dice
wuerfelt dices
wuerfelte diced
wuergen choke
wuergend choking
wuergt chokes
wuerzig spicily
wuetend furious
wuetet rages
wund sore
wunderbar marvellous
wunderlich whimsical
wundervoll wonderful
wunschlose undesireable
wurde became
wurmartig vermicular
wusste knew
zackig jagged
zaeh stringily
zaehfluessig viscous
zaehlen count
zaehlend counting
zaehlt counts
zaehmen tame
zaehmend taming
zaehmt tames
zaenkisch cantankerous
zaertlich tenderly
zahlbar payable
zahlenmaessig numerically
zahllos countless
zahlreich multitudinous
zahlreiche numerous
zahlungsunfaehig insolvent
zahm tame
zahnlos toothless
zanken bicker
zankend bickering
zanksuechtig termagant
zankt bickers
zankte quarrelled
zappeln flounce
zappelnd flouncing
zappelt flounces
zart tender
zauberhaft glamorous
zausen tousle
zausend tousling
zaust tousles
zauste tousled
zechen carouse
zechend tippling
zecht carouses
zehn ten
zehnte tenth
zehntens tenthly
zeichnen chart
zeichnend plotting
zeichnet plots
zeigen evince
zeigend evincing
zeigt exhibits
zeitgemaess seasonable
zeitlich seasonal
zeitweilig sporadic
zensierend censoring
zensiert censored
zentral central
zentralisieren centralize
zentralisierend centralizing
zentralisiert centralizes
zentralisierte centralized
zentrierend centering
zentriert centered
zerbrechend flawing
zerbrechlich brittle
zerfaellt molders
zerfallen molder
zerfallend moldering
zerfetzen tatter
zerfetzend frazzling
zerfetzt frazzled
zerfetzte tattered
zergliedern anatomize
zergliedernd anatomizing
zergliedert anatomizes
zergliederte anatomized
zerhacken mince
zerhackend mincing
zerhackt minced
zerknittern rumple
zerknitternd rumpling
zerknittert rumples
zerknitterte rumpled
zerlegbar folding
zerlegen carve
zerlegend decomposing
zerlegt carves
zerlegte carved
zermahlen squelch
zermahlend squelching
zermahlt squelches
zermuerbend mellowing
zermuerbt mellowed
zerreiben triturate
zerreibend triturating
zerreibt triturates
zerreissen disrupt
zerreissend disrupting
zerreisst disrupts
zerren lug
zerrend jerking
zerrieben triturated
zerrissen disrupted
zerrt jerks
zerruettend disordering
zerruettet disordered
zerschmettern shatter
zerschmetternd shattering
zerschmettert shatters
zerschmetterte shattered
zerschnitzelnd shredding
zerschnitzelt shredded
zerstoeren demolish
zerstoerend deleting
zerstoert deleted
zerstoerte demolished
zerstreuen disperse
zerstreuend dispersing
zerstreut abstracted
zerstreute diverted
zerstueckelt fragmented
zertrennen disjoint
zertruemmern smash
zertruemmernd smashing
zertruemmert smashes
zertruemmerte smashed
zeugen beget
zeugte begot
ziebzigste seventieth
ziehen drag
ziehend dragging
zieht pulls
zierlich graceful
zimmernd timbering
zimmert timbers
zinnoberrot vermilion
zirkulieren circulate
zirkulierend circulating
zirkuliert circulates
zirkulierte circulated
zirpen chirp
zirpend chirping
zirpt chirps
zischen fizz
zischend fizzing
zischt fizzes
zischte sizzled
zittern quiver
zitternd quivering
zittert quivers
zivil civil
zoegern hesitate
zoegernd hesitating
zoegert hesitates
zoegerte hesitated
zog drew
zornig angry
zottig ragged
zu accessesgreift
zucken shrug
zuckend shrugging
zuckt shrugs
zudringlich intrusive
zuechtigen castigate
zuechtigend castigating
zuechtigt castigates
zuenden ignite
zuerst primary
zufaellig accidently
zufrieden content
zufriedengestellte satisfied
zufriedenstellend satisfactorily
zufuegen add
zufuegend adding
zugaenglich accessable
zugeben confess
zugefuegt added
zugegriffen accessed
zugejubelt acclaimed
zugelassen admitted
zugemauert walled
zugeschlagen slammed
zugespitzt tapered
zugestehen concede
zugestimmt agreed
zugestossen befalled
zugewiesen allocated
zugig draughty
zugreifend accessing
zugrundeliegen underlie
zujubeln acclaim
zujubelnd acclaiming
zulaessig admissible
zulaessige allowable
zulaessigerweise permissibly
zulassen admit
zulassend admitting
zunaechst approximately
zunehmen increase
zupfen twitch
zupfend twitching
zupft twitches
zurueck back
zurueckdatieren backdate
zurueckfallend relapsing
zurueckfuehrend reducing
zurueckgefallen relapsed
zurueckgefuehrt reduced
zurueckgehalten restrained
zurueckgekehrt returned
zurueckgeleitet redirected
zurueckgesandt resent
zurueckgeschreckt blenched
zurueckgeschrieben rewritten
zurueckgesetzt backout
zurueckgespeichert restored
zurueckgetreten receded
zurueckgewichen flinched
zurueckgewiesen rebuffed
zurueckgewonnen regained
zurueckgezahlt refunded
zurueckgezeichnet redrawn
zurueckgezogen retreated
zurueckhalten restrain
zurueckhaltend restraining
zurueckkaufen redeem
zurueckkaufend redeeming
zurueckkehren return
zurueckkehrend reverting
zurueckprallen rebound
zurueckrufen callback
zurueckrufend recalling
zurueckschauend reviewing
zurueckschicken remit
zurueckschrecken blench
zurueckschreckend blenching
zurueckschreiben rewrite
zuruecksetzen relocate
zuruecksetzend backing
zuruecktreten recede
zuruecktretend receding
zurueckverfolgen backtrack
zurueckverfolgend retracing
zurueckverfolgt retraced
zurueckweichen flinch
zurueckweichend flinching
zurueckweisen rebuff
zurueckweisend rebuffing
zurueckzahlen refund
zurueckzahlend refunding
zurueckzeichnen redraw
zurueckzeichnend redrawing
zurueckziehbar retractable
zurueckziehend retreating
zusaetzlich additionally
zusaetzliche additive
zusammenarbeiten collaborate
zusammenarbeitend collaborating
zusammenballen agglomerate
zusammenbrauen concoct
zusammenbrauend concocting
zusammenbrechen collapse
zusammenbrechend collapsing
zusammenfassen collect
zusammenfassend recapitulating
zusammenfuegen coalesce
zusammengearbeitet collaborated
zusammengeballt agglomerated
zusammengebraut concocted
zusammengebrochen collapsed
zusammengeklappt furled
zusammengesetzt complexly
zusammengestellt composed
zusammengestossen collided
zusammengezogen constricted
zusammenhaengend coherently
zusammenhaengende coherent
zusammenklappbar collapsible
zusammenklappen furl
zusammenklappend furling
zusammenrechnen totalize
zusammensetzen compound
zusammenstellen compilate
zusammenstossen collide
zusammenstossend colliding
zusammenwirkend cooperative
zusammenziehen constrict
zusammenziehend astringent
zuschlagen slam
zuschlagend slamming
zuspitzend tapering
zustimmen agree
zustimmend concerned
zustossend befalling
zuteilen deal
zuverlaessig dependable
zuverlaessige reliable
zuvorkommend preventing
zuweisen assign
zuweisend assigning
zuwider contrary
zuwidergehandelt counteracted
zuwiderhandeln counteract
zuwiderhandelnd counteracting
zwangslaeufig perforce
zwanzig twenty
zwanzigste twentieth
zwecklos purposeless
zweckmaessig expedient
zwei two
zweideutig equivocally
zweifach dual
zweifachwirkend double-acting
zweifelhaft dubious
zweifelhafte dubois
zweifellos undoubted
zweifelnd doubting
zweijaehrig biennial
zweipolig bipolar
zweiseitig bilateral
zweite second
zweitens secondly
zweitklassig second-rate
zweitrangig secondary
zwicken tweak
zwickend tweaking
zwickt tweaks
zwingen compel
zwingend coercing
zwingt coerces
zwinkernd winking
zwinkert winks
zwischen among
zwischengemischt intermixed
zwischenschalten interpose
zwischenzeitliche intermittent
zwitschern twitter
zwitschernd twittering
zwitschert twitters
zwoelf twelve
zwoelfte twelfth
zynisch cynic
